quarantine baby how you holding up
didn't throw man he weirded out are just
accepting it I'm accepting it and I'm
trying to stay positive
I send you guys all the positive stats I
get well I know several people that have
gotten and gotten over it the worse was
Michael yo and I need to confirm this
with Michael but I'm pretty sure Michael
had a cold and then caught the corona
and then got pneumonia Jesus good
he got it real bad he's been
hospitalized for a week his post jumped
me up she is yes and you seem coffin
while he's doing it yeah he's such a
good guy it's the nicest guy he's the
nicest guy we lost him at B fuck the be
ashame devastating I know people that
have gotten it gotten over it
not much of a problem you know and they
they just felt like shit for a couple
days then they're fine but that's the
majority of people John I know people
get upset when I say that it's true
though it's true though those are the
numbers you know joy the people get it
and they're fine yeah
what I'm hoping is they come up with
with a legitimate treatment where it's
like this is confirmed that if you take
hydroxychloroquine you know with Z they
say something like that this is
confirmed if they say we got to cover
folks we no longer have to worry about
people dying to coronavirus you just
catch it real early sort of like Tamiflu
or some other things that look staff
used to fucking kill the shit out of
people tongue you know killed a lot of
people infections killed a lot of
fucking people now they give you
antibiotics I mean imagine if jiu-jitsu
killed people imagine if you went to the
gym and you got staph and you died how
many fucking people were trained I
wouldn't train no he'll train you'd be
so terrified of staff right well that's
how we are right now with this
coronavirus we're worried because we
don't have like a rock-solid legitimate
treatment or a vaccine but that hydro
chloric dean whatever the hell it is all
dpac supposed to supposed to work the
trials that they've seen right yeah well
for some people you know that was what
they call anecdotal evidence it's not a
hundred percent proven clinical trial
peer reviewed where they can say hey we
had 160 people that were coronavirus
positive we put them on this
hydroxychloroquine a lot of time too
a lot of time we don't have time right
but the guy there's a few doctors in New
York that have implemented it and some
some very positive results according to
them now is that not enough to you know
to say hey we're good I don't know I
don't think so I think what's funny is
in our group of friends you have some
who are they won't step a foot outside
their house they have some who are kinda
in the middle they have some super super
rolodex the real problem is with people
who or are compromised old people you
know people whose immune system is
already fragile and now the thing is if
you are I got it we'd be fine hopefully
but then what if you gave it to your
grandma you know don't go around your
grandma dumb uncle or any grandma this
is the real that I think the real way to
handle this moving forward is probably
going to be something along the lines of
make sure that old people aren't exposed
make sure that high-risk people are not
exposed and make sure that you don't
expose yourself to them if you have it
correct
and then you chance back to work yeah
and hopefully there's some sort of a
treatment but get your ass back to work
is really important hell yeah there's so
many businesses going under I don't
think we've seen anything like this
scammer man ever in and I don't think
ever in the history of America there's
been a thing where everything just like
instantly shut down no one works no one
doesn't anything everyone stays home
when and how long are we gonna do it for
though right I think they're saying the
end of May now really cornea that's what
I've heard
California the the governor's kind of a
pussy and he's he was talking about you
know this we might go on it might be
like this for a year you know so he said
yeah he said that so again he's giant
pussy but when you hear Trump he was
talking to some reporter they asked a
question and he said I'm thinking you
know we're not far off from after Easter
open things back up yeah look if people
it's so tough like look if it's just us
in this room I am not that worried
because I take a lot of vitamins I'm in
the fucking sauna every day I have a
very strong immune system you're fit I
take probiotics you walked in I said I
will lick your face right now I said
where
doing hugging where we doing I said lick
your fucking face Joe I'm not scared of
shit I'm healthy as hell yeah but that's
the difference between someone who's
actively taking care of their body and
does so all year round
yes versus people who are always boozing
have high blood pressure are overweight
I'm talking you Burke Roger - there's a
lot of people like that though that
we're friends with it that's on you
homie get in shape dude yep if it if it
bounces right off you but it kills
someone that's your age whose fault is
that
if they're severely out of shape it's
kind of their fault that's on you man
kind of their fault unless they have a
disease see then there's people yeah
there's people that have diseases and
those diseases prevent them from being
healthy that's a different animal so
then you have to think about that
percentage of the population there's
somebody variable dude I went to the
this market at this giant market they
selling bats no but I would have bought
one I love bats not for soup I'd save
them
but yeah there's like this fresh market
and their peeps it was packed man oh my
god damn but everyone had masks on and I
saw two like I'm not even trying to be
funny they're probably equal eight
hundred pounds one pride 400 pounds his
wife and other four amounts with masks
on like you that's what you think the
mask that's what that's not what's gonna
kill you homies yeah that's not you
though yeah you're super fucked thin out
the herd man I hope this is a wake-up
call for people that aren't taking care
of themselves because there's a lot of
people that just think it's not
necessary and they look at someone like
you or I that's vain that take that you
know like so look I get up in the more I
look at my body in the man like oh every
morning good every morning
old school mr. Dennis oh but it's fine
me too yeah they do it - I got my study
of my son out because that we have a hot
tub and pool in the pools freezing and
I've been mountain biking every day so
my legs are sore so I go hot cold hot
cold and he's doing it his pops and gets
ideas pop
I said you get in there dude you're
getting it my daughter got up real early
today
like she set her alarm for 8:00 and I go
why'd you get up at 8:00 she goes cuz I
realized when I get up at 10:00 that I
don't get as much done during the day in
the day shorter home I go wow I go
that's very wise so you know how kids
are dabbing she's got like a half she
doesn't have that kids can be successful
that's hilarious
she's she's a little beast my 11 year
olds a beast and it crazy to see that
it's crazy it's weird
she's got all of my attributes my like
obsessive attributes but without any of
the I didn't have a good childhood like
that's trouble what's good way she's
super confident yeah she's not like
doing it because like I want someone to
love me yes I want it doesn't come from
them don't play yes it's not coming from
I want to be Val she's like I want to be
awesome at everything and that's when
she's gonna thrive she's always laughing
she laughs at everything this funny kid
man she's always laughing love it yeah
she's always like crap like she'll say
something like better she thinks things
are funny like she's got a very
interesting sense of humor it's weird
seeing kids grow up you know with no no
fear you know like don't you worry about
it though yes that's the problem because
they're so well taken care of I feel
like when all of our friends like I'm
almost everyone I know to a man that's
interesting into a woman has some sort
of fucked up chaotic childhood there's
some darkness yeah that's what made them
interesting it's what made them
successful in a lot of ways but I don't
know if it's necessary I feel like
there's valuable lessons that you can
get like for you I think a lot of your
lessons you got in sports right yeah I
think that's I think every kid I realize
all my friends that are fucked up like
emotionally that can't deal with loss
they don't play sports they never played
sports there's a lot of people that I
know that didn't play sports they don't
know how to lose and that's such a
disadvantage because when you're playing
sports when you're young it's hard times
man oh my god and then we get as you get
to the higher
you know in college it's you know it's
pretty cutthroat man you learn to deal
with this heartbreaking issues and pick
up your boots and keep going you also
develop a thick skin yes chip on our
shoulder a chip on your shoulder and a
thick skin there's the biggest chip on
this show so important to get through
life though you need that you need to
understand what competition you need to
look at that person like you know like
sparring there's there was always a one
dude II don't want to spar oh fuck this
guy I do not want to spoil this guy but
you have to and then you have to throw
anyway to get better and there's this
moment where you're lined up and there
is like our boy time to get my ass
kicked but also in football that's when
I realized oh everybody's not treated
the same and that's that's the real
world like we're not treated the same
like I remember the star running back
Bobby purify you know I've always been a
huge shoe guy he would get custom one of
one designer cleats and shoes in his
locker and then they'd give me these old
ones and he was next to me I was like I
get it yeah you hurt my feelings forever
man I was like sweet people get mad at
people that are like uber successful but
those those people like him like you
know the Jordans of the world the people
that are just like the fucking the guy
who's the what David Goggins likes to
call uncommon amongst uncommon men yes
you know that's just how life is and you
see that you've realized where the
benefits are in being that person and
then you also see the drawbacks you see
a huge job ed especially in the personal
life oh you're a crazy person it's tough
to manage outside that Korac outside
that octagon it's tough to me I mean
talk to Tyson talk to Tyson about who he
was when he was the king of the world he
couldn't manage it I mean no one can
maintain that you talk to Jon Jones talk
to Jon Jones right now right now yeah
right now yeah I mean I guess this is
the last the last moment Jon Jones I got
sad that's the first time out all the
John's this recent one yeah I got sad
I've been disappointed before but this
one I got sad because I watched that
video give it the arrest video the
arrest video is sad such a bummer when
you watch that video you know it was a
little alarming there when when I think
CTS something to do with this I know we
harp on CTE but
he goes hey John I need you to do this
this and this he goes I'm gonna warn you
my short-term memory is terrible
yeah so it's not because I'm drunk and
that would even as he's drunk he was
cautious enough to say that saying hey
man my short-term memory shit because I
get punched in the head all the time
yeah so that so if you base off that
we're gonna be in trouble I was like oh
no I think that was legs were so skinny
[Laughter]
well his calves are crazy his calves are
so much smaller than mine and I'm so
much smaller than him it's insane it
doesn't mean how about will sasso scab
oh those are the most ridiculous things
Kalyn and I spent 15 minutes on will
sasso is Casa de - crazy Helen has good
tests - they're not bad but they're not
well seems like you should be able to
jump over a building like he should be
able to just from a standing position
just long she looks like Hulk it looks
like Hulk wearing fucking cutoff jeans
yeah now Jon Jones now imagine like the
Thiago Santos fight though look at this
case calf that's preposterous that's one
Brian out here you see Brett Brian
shaved his head and that's a 20 she was
head
why don't - days ago no where's the
pictures I'm gonna put on my histogram
yes don't go too hard on them you should
I need to see this I need how come I
didn't know why didn't he send me a
picture that's a good move for him shave
his head but he needs to go so he needs
to go even more cuz the top oh yeah well
does he have the hair transplant scar
yes he does he does that's what I said I
said oh you have the same thing Rogan
huh yeah but his is small you need to
you need to shave down more yeah I need
to go all the way there he is
just go all the way yeah good good for
him he probably feels free that way it's
freeing now that he look he fucked up
their kids cut himself so it's like all
uneven so I could not stop laughing we
need to just get some tremors I caught
my myself but I fucking go bad but your
season back your season that yeah but
even the first time I did it you just go
all the way down to the bottom just go
to the bottom he's got one of them
trimmers on it where you leave a little
bit of hair that's what he has I I go to
the bottom and then I let it grow like a
few days I think going for the bottom
just looks a little like Bruce Willis
it doesn't look bad gently he needs to
shave it more you got to see in person
so fine I could not stop laughing I
could we couldn't get through the show I
could not stop laughing he's trying to
be all serious I just have laughing Wow
that's count yeah
the best he's such a fucking care I
don't know a single human like him try
to find someone like it's going crazy
Korona he's mad God he gets real mad I
just get mad just cuz we're on lockdown
when's a shit gonna hand man when we
going back to restaurants did the text
message that he sends that's his big
anger he can't go to Via Veneto or Felix
can't hang out with his friends that
place of Felix we were supposed to go
right before well I went on the 14th was
down no I went with my wife on the 14th
right before the lockdown and we were
like she would go we should go out let's
just go out let's just do it we had
reservations but we had him like five
days earlier and started getting as it
getting closer and closer it seemed like
everything was like kind of shutting
down people away and then was like a
couple days later that they shut down
everything but you did eat there yeah we
apparently they and a lot of other
restaurants they have to go I think
Felix is doing Felix to go and so you
just hold it to do that yeah yeah
freaking flappers hit me up because they
have to that's how they're making money
that's other coven there their rent
right now is they have to sell the and
they have good food but they have to do
the takeout mm-hmm just keep the doors
open I'm glad people are innovating and
they're coming up with ways to stay open
but it would be a real bummer if places
like Felix went under or that other
place that count allows view of Veneto
in Venice that place is excellent
excellent the thing about those of that
high rent yes I ran off Main Street yep
I mean they're there right on Abbot
Kinney right they're off Main Street
there well Felix off habit yeah I've
been higher rent what the fuck yeah I
was the most expensive road in
California is it really yeah why has
everybody liked that area is it the
homeless people that tracks them there's
a it's like it's a weird vibe it's like
the poorest of the poor and the richest
of the rich it's so it's so strange we
were drivin there and that we stopped at
a red light and there was like this nice
house to left like this super modern
look in Venice style house and right
across the street on the right was
twenty tenths
camped out it's such a bus why do they
let that happen that is the dumbest
thing that they let that happen you know
what they do take over the sidewalk
don't these bums do to get to get money
is if a house goes for sale or rent
these bums squatting from the house so
the seller the renter has to come up and
you guys got to get out of here in like
pay us something give them money they
leave and they rent the house there
should be a sort of hustle shear service
that cleans that up don't cope it 19
yagna tuberculosis and fucking the black
pine Legionnaires disease they don't
give a fuck I mean they were finding
what was that uh crazy medieval disease
they were finding in bombs in homeless
people in Skid Row Jesus Christ it was a
crazy disease that they hadn't found god
damn it do you remember Jamie we were
talking it's the it sounds like the
crazy crazy one but it's like tell the
typhus it is crazy found that look I
don't know you do I mean people are
worried about bats how about people that
shit on the street
what kind of mean we're talking about
diseases that have come out of these
Chinese wet markets there's easily could
be diseases that come out of La out of
these these homeless in camp there was
no one's eaten homeless soup well I
don't know what they're eating who knows
what they're doing but it's not a matter
of eating it's a matter of being around
all that thought that's that's how the
this all got started
snow eating it no really I think it's
being near them the the ha they think
the patient zero I believe the theory is
the current theory is patient zero see
so you can find this was traced to a
woman that worked next to the bat stand
at a few weeks ago right that may or may
not be the actual patient zero but yeah
I don't that could be she's still alive
I don't think they really really you
know what's crazy they can trace the
genetics of this virus and they're
saying that it came from people that
came from Europe that yeah in in New
York City I should say I mean it
obviously came from China but the people
that got it in New York City got it from
people who traveled to New York City
from Europe and those Europeans were in
China went back home I think came to New
York yeah and they think these might
have gotten here as early as December
and maybe even November
like they don't even know I heard
November I think November they think it
they think it got there two weeks at
least before the first case and there's
many people that could have gotten it
that did not know that they got it and
got it over it I know I know it's the
cool thing to say right now dude I'm
telling when I was doing an Ontario
improv in end of December I was the
sickest I've ever been and it lasted for
12 to 14 days I told my brother you
might have taken to the emergency room
after I get done my last show I was like
we're driving home like we might have to
go the emergency room I felt it was so
fuck it the sickest I've ever been in
what way were you I lied Shh cold sweats
I am just sick man it's just super
coughing horrible coughing huh it's bad
the thing is that could also be a bad
flu who knows yeah look this is one of
the things that we in this text thread
that you and I are in we started sharing
the numbers of people that have died
from the flu it's stunning alarming it's
stunning I didn't know I mean I knew a
lot of people died from the flu but
until you see it on paper like what
imagine if CNN did a whole marketing
thing on how the flus killing everyone
every day and there's this fucking puts
all this fair and everybody if they did
every day like they're doing for Korona
we'd be scared shitless true but there's
some preventative measures correct and
then we have we flu shots and we also
have Tamiflu there's a bunch of
different remedies we know what the flu
is yeah this is a this is a really
dangerous one because it does something
to your respiratory system where it
scars the lining of the respiratory
system it scars people's lungs and
there's so much inflammation that they
can't get oxygen here's the other issues
they're saying that you probably have it
two days before you start start showing
signs if you show signs at all yes I'm
known at all did your cell but
apparently never showed any signs
stanford studies coronavirus early
spread in california looks at herd
immunity potential researchers of
Stanford University trying to determine
if the novel coronavirus may have been
circulated in California as early as
last fall your boy had it and whether
it's playing a role in the relative slow
spread in the state Wow I hope we do
have heard him you let's get back to the
store territories herd immunity come on
Joey Diaz called me the other day just
to reach out to tell me he loves me
mention do
right things you've done the right thing
dog yeah okay I fucking love lebreton
job all right man but yeah I were
talking about the comic story and I was
like they'll be fine though he's like
maybe yeah maybe it's a big maybe it's a
lot of money to run that place for
sunset fortunately for the last six
years they've been making a shitload of
money really okay I think they got what
Peter Shores a very very bright man
there's very smart and I think he's
doing the right thing and I think I
think they'll be okay look we could
always do a shitload shows when the
store comes back and don't eat all the
money I'm happy to do that
I'd give them rent right now I'll tell
everybody if you didn't see my Instagram
my shows with Dave Chappelle have been
moved to September but when I say moved
to September I go like this mm-hmm
you're gonna do in September Jackson I
saw your post on New York we're like oh
when is that November not sober third
you're doing it hey dude it's happening
octo right bad I hope I hope so come on
that foul cheek guy said people aren't
gonna shake hands anymore
did you see that shit I'm bound everyone
from now on bowing I like that just cuz
it's cool like that or you could do it
thai-style mm-hmm you know I'm God
Steven Seagal style I'm gonna wear beads
but not I'm just gonna wrap them around
my wrist there's been a lot of
knuckleheads online with this
coronavirus talking about healing and
positive energy and manifest throw a lot
of bro science out there but I go off a
lot of numbers that I get from way
smarter people than me yeah but you're
you're what you're doing is you're
tweeting actual facts and then throw it
a little bro Sciences in Iraq that's
also my current talking about just so
many people that are just you know this
is a global transformation and this is
our opportunity I hope everybody gets
better out of this I hope I hope people
recognize that our society is fragile
don't you see a lot this is another
positive you see a lot more people
working out like when I get ready to go
on my bike ride I see
so many more people walking kids family
think they have time this what took to
get you guys the fucking walk outside
well most people you know they they they
don't mean unless you're working from
home or you know your if you're in any
kind of service industry your job is
gone right for now so they have time
there's a lot of people whose jobs are
shut down I don't know what the numbers
are but there's a lot more people home
during the day a lot of key people are
homeschooling their kids yeah that's it
there's part of me that's when Dana came
out said he's gonna do the UFC there's
part of me that was super proud of them
just you know I I know he was gonna get
a lot of blowback for it and he's
getting a lot of blowback for it but a
part of me is like fuck yeah dude good
for you man for figuring it out good for
you good for you pretty gangster move go
to an Indian Reservation really good and
then went and for international flights
up on island business I bet someone who
enter the dragon yeah I don't worry
about it I'm not gonna tell you where
it's at I'm not telling anybody we're
just gonna you're gonna get on flight
private flight and we're flying to the
island you and your team I was like I
can't hate on the guy anymore I ran in
the sand
do you remember Bodog when Bodog had
fights a beach yeah Bodog was
interesting man people forgot about
bulldog phaidor started their canyons
started their well feed or didn't start
their feed our website it's not there
but he did fight on their team I think
yeah started there yeah yeah it's Maz
Vidale fought even words there that's
was acting with a head kick fuck yeah
dude there were some great fights
remember Oh fate or did feed our fight
Matt Lindland on bow dog was that bow
dog in Russia or was that affliction no
I don't think so I think you're right I
think phaidor and Matlin lose bow dog
and I think Matt Linden was about to
take phaidor down and phaidor grabbed a
rope it was a blur and then he knocked
him out well yeah he didn't slam emitted
him I think he submitted him here it is
Matt Lindland fedora yeah so I know he
slams Matt Lindland who at the time I'm
pretty sure he submitted him I could he
an armbar he did he submit him but I
remember slamming them but go before
that though guys always scared me
he got double-under yeah he's got him in
armbar there so Matt Lindland made the
got the clinch I believe he got double
underhooks yep and now look he's
elevating phaidor at faders grabbing the
fucking rope totally grab the rope and
look who is that Tandberg Liana who's
trying to look like Edward zine even but
look he kept grabbing the rope and milk
Matt Lindland I remember our fucking
Russians right well in that moment
that's a straight-up cheating I mean and
that's how he got top position Matt
Lindland took him down yeah Bowdoin
meanwhile mile inland of the fucking guy
have fought at 175 185 did he fight 117
he was so tough 180 185 is so tough
tough as fuck about as tough as it gets
you hear you hear the stories about him
out of with him Hendo Chael Sonnen oh
yeah just the bare though hey dad's
bullshit hey man that's the problem with
ropes though right right the cans do you
remember when there's a couple moments
in Pride where guys got trapped in the
ropes and then submitted somebody got
triangle weather head was trapped in the
rope and then they got triangle on top
is also nothing worse when you get
knocked out you fall through the rope oh
my god it's so embarrassing
well how about Bernard Hopkins last
fighters career when he fought Joe Smith
Joe Smith chaos him well he drops him
and and Bernard goes through the ropes
and hits his head on the ground which is
crazy how do you fucking guys not have
what like our is the apron of a ring for
boxing that expensive why can't you make
it bigger well you can't you make it so
that a guy doesn't fall or have security
where if there's see something you know
well they would have to act quickly and
be there in time and so they'd have to
be around standing on the Rings
distracting it would be a few too
distracting and it'd be terrible for the
people who are watching but I mean all
you have to do is like what do you
member what Bellator did
what bellator did when they were doing
kickboxing and MMA at the same time so
they have this round ring for Bellator
and then they put a square ring in the
center of that for kickboxing so if you
fell to the ropes you just fell out into
that round area where the Bellator cage
would be it was perfect well to beat
play devil's advocate if you're boxing
though they're like dude how many times
have people fall another fucking ring we
know it's been our noggins Bernard
Hopkins died from that he's also 70
years old fighting so 51 or 52 I think I
mean come on dudes crazy fighting this
young fuck you know yeah caught in a
triangle inside the ropes so his leg is
wrapped up in the rope and the dudes
caught in a triangle crazy Jesus Christ
ridiculous yeah it's happened more than
once two people have been armed bard
that way too did you think
UFC 249 was gonna happen I didn't know
what was gonna happen when khabib
couldn't make it I was like I bet this
is gonna be the end of me too I was like
oh it's over but then I saw Kumar Usman
saying you better get ready to make
weight bitch I was like oh my God if
mount fights Maas Vidale holy shit
like that's worth it that's a fight but
then when I heard his gauging in
Ferguson I'm like oh shit first team all
violence I don't know what gate she's
been doing though has he been training
like he's training for a fight I don't
know they asked him I saw his thinker's
Brett Okimoto goes how prepared are you
and he it took him a while to answer and
then he said something there I was like
oh this could be tough he goes I have 18
minutes in me here's all you know all my
fights I don't get a decision I either
get knocked down or knock somebody out
he goes you know I talked my family cut
my coaches I don't have 18 minutes of
fucking fury anything it's pretty tough
to deal with not say god it's tough to
deal with but if it's the toughest to
deal with but there's anybody there has
the endurance to take it to that 18
minutes and keep going Tony tony has the
most endurance I've ever seen but don't
the only thing that's a little scary
when I heard him say that he does throw
caution the wind
Keiichi does and it's tough to deal with
cuz probably the hardest hitter at 55
and Tony gets hit man that's one thing
about the only she does like to get hit
he yeah I think he actually enjoys it
and he welcomes it what gate she I don't
know if you can play that game
switch for 18 minutes well I don't know
if he enjoys it I just think that he has
this pressure Ford style
he's game for this game he's given a
percent game for it but he has such a
pressure style that it's inevitable that
you get hit you know he's not fighting
like Wonder Boy or something like that
he's not fighting in the new Civ or
Mighty Mouse
he's fighting he's trying to break you I
mean in Tony's fights there's somewhere
around the second or third round where
you see the look in these guys faces
like motherfucker I know how is he
keeping up this patient since kind of
the same way he just goes forward like a
little tank yeah
keeps going it is such a good fight my
favorite fight with justice Barbosa
because Barbosa is a savage and Justin
just flying him I'm over ran him over
his fight with poor his fight with any
algorithm both but all the pretty good
man oh they were great but poor yeah his
leg was almost done was almost done but
Poirier pulled it out with a knockout or
a actually came out on record and said
he thinks Katie's gonna win
real yeah that's cuz he's never fought
Tony you know who's fought gage he and
beat him and it would be great if Katie
beat Tony and then it makes him look
good well I don't necessarily know if
that's I mean it's not that Tony can't
win it's not that that gage you can't
win either it's like in my opinion so
who the fuck knows it's a who the fuck
knows especially in these conditions
it's like what Cape have they had
especially Justin y know Tony's had a
camp Tony's had a camp but you got a
real everything's everything's not
normal like you're not getting the same
amount of guy yeah but Tony is not
normal Tony's not normal Tony if
anyone's gonna thrive in the situation
it's yoni he didn't you know he didn't
spar at all apparently according to
everyone that I've talked to his cape
for the pedis fight yeah after his
surgery so the guy has knee surgery like
a really complex knee surgery where his
ligament is reattached to his leg and he
is in massive scar I mean he's got a
12-inch scar on the side of his leg five
months later he's fighting again
he's crazy that's nuts that's nuts and
didn't do any sparring just just
rehabbed everything got himself in shape
he looked pretty good
he looked fucking fantastic in that
fight of course he did it's fighting
Pettis Pettis is a master striker Pettis
knocked out wunderbar be the Superman
pie 100% yeah I don't know if you can
take those same hits the wage
it's a good question gage II you know
gage he comes after you man he comes out
and he's got the nominal leg kicks his
leg kicks are sensational and he throws
leg kicks from crazy angles to like
he'll be like right up tight with you
like right here and he's chopping at
your leg it's kind of it's amazing it's
interesting how he does it like he's not
a he's not he doesn't have a more type
background which is really just learn to
kick about four years ago why more than
axe I remember in the PFL who's I'm just
saying like he's not he has no
kickboxing background he came from
University of Northern Colorado to
grudge training center with Trevor
Whitman all of us and came and there's a
a pure wrestler with terrible eyesight
he'd always take his guys off and squint
and he's just this fucking monster and
they started teaching the light kicking
like holy shit the guy can like kick but
it's crazy how good he does it he's
amazing at it his leg kicks are
sensational like you would think that he
was some muy Thai champion or something
that's amazing
yeah yeah I mean this is what I want I
want to see Tony shoot for takedown mmm
I don't know why I know obviously just
engage he has a phenomenal wrestling
he's so athletic and he was an
all-american at Northern Colorado Tony's
a stud - I think he's a dog go champ
so let's someone shoot in on the fucking
guy well no one does it yeah no one does
it well what's interesting about gay
cheese you never see him wrestling
that's what's so crazy it's like the
guys got this great wrestling pedigree
but he just strikes with everybody in
smashes and and smashes real strikers
like Barbosa wants to be violent yeah
that's it all violent it's so nuts like
that cheating not that you know I've
seen I want khabib Tony that's the
greatest night in UFC history I think at
light weight it's cursed
it's fucking dude you might be five
times five times five and what the fuck
I want to see that that's the fight of
the two the best 155 s on the planet but
gay Chi Tony I think will be more
entertaining
are you see they're so violent they're
so fun think of these two fucking
maniacs
this fight can't be boring it's
impossible don't think I think you're
right I don't think it can be boring
however I said that about style bender
versus Yoel Romero I thought no y'all
ever think in a fight yeah
I guarantee you Katie and Tony gonna
fight well I bet my bottoms all that
about in Ghana and Derrick Lewis I
didn't know Derrick Derrick Lewis
fucking back Dave Allen I know Francis
had a blown fucking ACL or whatever it
was Diddy Francis he was injured in that
fight both of more injured I didn't know
Francis danger I thought he was just his
mind was apparently balsam had injuries
oh I didn't know that bro that's a fight
this weekend no one's talked about you
not coming events not coming it should
be I should be they had Greg Hardy and
whoever the fuck he's fighting above
that I'm like what are you guys doing
doubts because it was on ESPN the other
one was on ESPN plus I think the idea
was that you're gonna have an Ghana and
rose and strike which it's just it's
like the main event boom boom that's
crazy roses strike people better not be
sleeping on him man no he's a terrifying
man he's a professional kickboxer and he
takes a tremendous shot you look at
Overeem didn't do nothing to him they
they fought for the entire five rounds
he didn't do nothing to him until
Rosen's strike caught him with that bomb
Rosen strike was gonna lose that fight
too was gonna lose that he was gonna
lose that fight he was gonna lose that
fight do this what's in the prelim still
it's co-main event now I talked to his
agent last night oh this is because the
Rose namajunas fight is pulled they
stavros on there okay you're right they
kept it there and Jacare Souza people
were saying that it was Ryan Hall you
guys texted you guys was joking no
somebody sent me a meme that said Ryan
Hall versus Jacare Souza and I was like
is that real and Eddie goes can they
even do the weight class and I thought
yeah I was like oh they're joking so I
didn't respond to it I didn't think it
was horse shit look Ryan Hall has such a
hard time finding opponents you got a
fight though did he you got a fight but
hey stud he's fighting a stud is he
Ricardo Lamas okay that's a good fight
for him fucking fight nobody wants to
fight Ryan home in exactly finally gets
returned to us Ricardo Lamas in May yeah
he's he's so difficult because Hall is
so tall and long but also how do you
guys think useful
I didn't understand it I thought maybe
he just said fuck it
I have no camp but I want to fight I
weigh 185 I'd watch the shit out of that
imagine I mean I don't think he's losing
40 pounds in between fights but he's a
tall guy he's like 6 feet isn't he yeah
yes that's too short for the division
yeah he's thin but I mean fuck and he's
also he's a frost a hobby guy right
Rahal yeah I'm pretty sure he's training
in a trust no he trains down here now
he's a tattaglias his own gym in Orange
County and they trained that Kenny
Florence did he ever trained with
sobbing maybe did early on but he's been
out of Cali interesting he's old school
and then Kenny's what is his what's his
camp like who's putting together the
camp I don't know who's head guys
Alexander Hernandez comes back that's a
great fight I don't know dude I don't
think people realize that the fucking
depth dude Francis encountered which
rose and shook is insane it's gonna be
amazing
and in a few if you just people in
Vieira Rayborn that's ridiculous fight
people give Francis enough credit you
look at his record like well off he had
his hiccup against deepen and the Dirk
Lewis I don't count but besides steep a
dude the run in the dudes that he's beat
and if he were to become champion you're
talking top five of all time man
yeah you look at his record like holy
shit if he becomes champion I mean he
knocked out Cain Velasquez knocked out
JDS Alistair Overeem yeah Andrei
Arlovski yeah I mean the whole I mean
the Hutu and the way he knocks him out
that's the thing
it's just the way knocks him out but
he's getting old
you mean he's getting up there in age
she's like 37 now I think dude you know
something to think about with could be
boning these guys does it say how old he
is he has to be 37 you know Tony's 36 is
he and for a lightweight for a
heavyweight it doesn't matter for a
lightweight that's at the yeah long in
the tooth it's not gonna say it there
that they hide that information but let
me see the main card what's that what's
the main card the card so filthy germy
Stevens Calvin kadar what down
bottom of the screen if you can see that
okay oh that's the the Jeremy Stephens
Calvin caters a fantastic fight dude how
about fucking your boys on their Nico
price so okay it still says Greg Hardy
is the co-main but that's been changed
right now from what I understand he's
the co-main event Jeremy Stephenson
calva cater that's a sleeper the night
I think Calvin cater is the dark horse
of the 145 pound division that
motherfucker is scary he's a beast I
mean he he's had I think he's had two
losses inside the Octagon thank God that
the fucking fight I knocked a Meccano
beat him with leg kicks he he made a
real good adjustment and started
catching him with leg kicks and one a
decision and then he beat beat a bunch
of guys and lost his a beat and he lost
his a beat in a fight where he was he
was dominating a third round yeah that
was class up dominating that third round
and I was like man if there was a
five-round fight I like cater me to all
day he fucked up Lamas that was a fight
where right away you could see the the
difference in the hands Calvin trains a
lot with boxers he's got vicious hands
like super accurate and really long like
if you see if you go to his Instagram he
put up the KO of Lamas it's very
interesting because he ranges him he
ranges him and then he drops these super
long punches on he's a Boston kid right
hmm yeah the but though it's like watch
how he sets this up like he moves his
hands want to see the range boom the
length of that and he's huge for a
forty-five or two real been long but the
fucking torque in that right hand he
spins it around with the left and then
puts the lights out with the right look
at that his fucking picture perfect man
picture-perfect oh shit Irish Micky Ward
says good luck Calvin Wow how about
seeing that looking down six-six unzips
zips in yeah but Johnson's got one too
was sensational
dude him for Stephens is a phenomenal
phenomenal fight for now
all the fights it's like man five the
night good luck I know we kill price
I knew K I know Vicente Luque is an
animal and Nico prices an animal both
those guys together that's like I can
believe that
go back to what you just the whole full
car
I couldn't there it is mm-hmm I can't
believe only you see announces some
people hate it on it like you fucking
negative bitches rarely curl at times
and Dana pulled this off this if this
was where's the crowd of times
dude if this was a regular paper of
you'd make my dick hard little own with
Corona this is amazing the Greg Hardy de
Castro listen not hot not a highly
skilled fight somebody's going to
fucking sleep hopefully but to be Co
main event is a little crazy
well I was interested that Greg Hardy
stepped up and fought Volcom and didn't
look bad didn't look bad and get
annihilated didn't get annihilated
against one of the best heavyweights in
Division correct this time Alexander is
a really technical fighter stud and real
long real tall long I mean look what he
did if every see overdoing for VC over
doom was the UFC heavyweight champion he
fucked him up and Greg Hardy went the
distance with him and did not look bad
and had one hand yeah and yeah broke his
hand early in the fight he's going to
get better he's a stud athlete the
difference between like guys like first
of all he doesn't have another way right
he doesn't have a fucking football
career anymore he's not gonna play pro
basis is it this is it there's no
podcast and he's got a dicey past in
terms of the law I would say the dicey
Asst it's pretty dicey then john jones
says hold my beer but great heart he's a
fucking elite athlete he's a guy who
knows how to be professional athlete and
he was all-pro Joe yeah superstar ball
but there's a thing about guys like that
where from the time they're young they
realize this insane work ethic is how
you make it and they also they're used
to these regimented programs right we're
a lot of football players and you could
speak on this they're used to these
programs where everybody's doing the
same kind of work versus boxers
or MMA fighters on you you're on your
own and sometimes you have acid and
sometimes you're not discipline do you
fuck off you don't go to kickboxing you
decide I don't want to go to jiu-jitsu
today you want to fuck my girlfriend
that kind of shit doesn't happen in
football doesn't work it that way
especially at like university Colorado
Ohio State so if you're one of 10
linebackers and you're all doing the
exact same thing you're all fighting for
your job every day if you for whatever
reason don't do something well and this
guy does he's probably gonna play over
you so you're like it's this heightened
freakin competition all the time man and
it brings the best out of you it does
Eric Anderson where to right yeah not
Alabama stud go watch his fight with
Khalil rounds he looked amazed and the
motherfucker doesn't flinch
Khalil round she was lighting him up
lighting him up he never flinched
Khalil Roundtree was fucking his legs up
in a way very rarely you see it was like
it was so fucked up and he Khalil was
full more time light on the front leg
back whoa dude when Khalil is on his
game he he displays some of the best muy
Thai you're gonna see in the UFC that
Erica Andrews just I know you don't
watch football Joe so he played at
Alabama and it was on the national
champion team so that that's like creme
de la creme doesn't get better than that
that's like wrestling at Ohio State or
Oklahoma like Hughes high level football
player well he's a stud that guy is an
animal in terms of like in his ability
to endure pain and is in his ability to
press forward and you know and fights a
lot takes fights take fight a light
heavyweight take a fight 185 he's game
hes game as fuck and again that's the
thing that's like these elite athletes
these guys who know what it takes to be
a winner you know if you those Greg
Hardy guys Erica Andrews guys and we're
gonna get more of those there's gonna be
more guys like that let's see a path and
there's this more guys like that that
don't want to rely on a team you know
they don't want like if the team they're
on sucks
they don't shine they'd rather kill what
they eat 100 percent you know what I
mean there's a lot of guys like that
where they'd rather just go out and do
it themselves and MMA is a sport where
they can do that yeah so you see a lot
of these guys they start practicing MMA
offseason they train a little bit
offseason I wouldn't be surprised if
John's brother Arthur gets an MMA both
of them I mean Chandler's all pro two
Pro Bowler
but Arthur trains with him a lot doesn't
have time yeah he's huge huge chubby and
he could fight ma'am if he decided to
start fighting take out a few pro fights
I mean I think John said in interviews
but I remember when John and I were
talking he
I mean Arthur gives him problems oh yeah
like if they wrestle it's problem is
huge and explosive he's any shoe as a
nicest guy the nicest guy but he's so
big because brothers don't have prawns
though huh
the Bret you don't really hear much
about the brothers fucking up well they
both been popped for steroids yeah I met
sports though I'm talking about like
hanging out at Albuquerque at 4:00 in
the morning with bombs and fucking
shooting guns yeah well they don't
well they do get hit in the head they
get it mad football style which is the
way I got through the laundry series on
I still haven't watched a Netflix
documentary on your boy that looks
exactly but goddamn dude that wand REE
podcast series warriors some good so
good I was gripped it was one of those
you know sometimes you get a podcast
series like that like another one is the
drop out about that Elizabeth Holmes
chick that robbed everybody with that
theranos that's right that's another one
there's a few of those we start I mean
you're like what the fuck dude sometimes
I'll sit my car and wait till the
episodes done it's just I'm like so into
it I'm on something right now that I
know you're you're you read
you've got chaos book the Charles Manson
my ass bro he's coming in who hung
O'Neill's coming in next week
yes I'm in the middle of that book right
now oh holy shit holy shit
you look it man it's a little different
you'll get the whole thing a little
different yes like what yeah I don't
wanna see too much cuz I want Tom to
explain when you having him on next week
that books so fucking good don't balls
deep in that I've been writing I read
about that book for
well what mom the things are absolutely
provable that he knows Charles Manson
the CIA in the secret history of the 60s
the the things that are absolutely 100%
provable just those things are mind
blowers well you like whoa and it's
documented uh-huh how the CIA and the
LSD house and in haight-ashbury in San
Francisco and yeah how he was doing wild
ship and the CIA would let him go yeah
or how he was out here at that ranch and
the cops never people would go dude he's
doing wild shit arrest them like we're
told not to touch him like what yeah
fuck they killed the caretaker that
ranch didn't find that guy's body until
the site in the late 70s yeah they they
did a lot of my favorite books it's a
very good book they did a lot of shit in
the 1970s with drugs and people for
experiments in 60s and the 70s and
that's how they created the Unabomber
man Ted Kaczynski was a part of the
Harvard LSD program yeah what did you
watch that documentary the net not the
one you saw it's on Netflix which one is
it I forget but it's about the Unabomber
at night I didn't know that I'm like why
is he such why was he so fucked up
Manhunter
I think so yes it's so good there's
another one
what's the other one called oh that's
why Unabomber in his own so it's the
first time he let one person ever
interview him and it's all the tapes
from the interview and you know his
legal his defense team goes listen dude
you're not gonna get the death penalty
if you just plead insanity goes I'm not
insane here's do I seem insane to you he
was I'm not insane and so he fired his
defense team because they wanted to say
it was insane here's I'd rather die than
be called insane he's like I'm not
insane I'm a genius
dude he was smart as fuck well he might
be too smart because he's actually
looked he's not correct to kill those
people but he is correct that technology
is eventually going to overcome people
now imagine this is we're going deep
down the Eddie Bravo rabbit hole of
imagine if you were artificial
intelligence and you had decided you
wanted to assimilate with people but you
had to convince
people one of the best ways to convince
people is to get them addicted to
technology check done right everybody's
technology then get them connected
through social media apps get them
connected to technology I mean how many
times you go to a restaurant where you
don't not right now not at all but
anytime you go out in public before the
quarantine everybody was on their phone
if chat buddy
now you throw a virus in there so now
they can't be with people and then you
make it so when they see people that
can't touch them they can't hug people
they can't shake hands they have to make
distance so now the only way you can
connect with people is through zoom or
FaceTime or all the technology and then
and then while Laurel I'll quarantine
you're installing 5g towers do you see
that did you post that goes with that
load of all duvall yeah tell me you've
done the 5g towers and what five
countries have 5g towers read more you
know a hundred entries have coronavirus
fucking idiots it's the best point the
best point is one of those points where
you go oh yeah I saw Tyrese posted
he's like y'all need to look at this 5g
that's what's causing all this and
killing kids and coronavirus I was like
Oh buddy Oh buddy
let's make Fast and Furious 19 shut the
fuck up there's so many fucking people
that think of 5g is what's killing
people but it's like there's always
going to be that thing where whenever
something happens people look for some
nefarious backwoods sort of fucking
answer I also think you know in this
time it's very easy to get down and
depressed and a lot of people thrive in
that so they want it to be bad if I
can't get out of here I'm going to
you're right
get out of here you're right you're
right there are people that are like
they're happy they're thriving alright
yeah thriving I saw some lady write some
post about Justin Bieber
she was making fun of Justin Bieber's
house which by the way it looks pretty
pimp yeah it's so disgusting looks like
it looks like your stupid SimCity houses
but then she wrote eat the rich and like
but Mike he's a singer meanwhile she
looks mean while she looks like an
armadillo yeah yeah
people are so crazy they like because
they're angry and they're frustrates
like is it his fault that he's a super
successful musician that has a crazy
dope house and super talented and also
that house your house bitch yeah let me
look at the house that's what she's
angry that's what she's like yes the
rich wasn't I saw one guy post this
thing named counter he goes hey I've
heard horrible stories about Alan for
every bad story you guys share I'll
donate $2 to this you know I'm like dude
what's wrong with you man
do something positive you think this is
positive hey I'm fucking Ellen people
are cooped up and they're filled with
anger and they find a target for that
anger they're filled with anxiety and
depression and rage and you know so do
something to get to be creative man do
something to get out of it you know good
call yeah but don't hate on the people
who are doing it that's why you're in
that position you see what Ellen did
this is really really kind of funny she
said being stuck here in quarantine is
like being in prison I haven't changed
my closing in days and everyone's gay
[Laughter]
shit but I think it's probably partly
because that guy came out and said hey
Ellen's mean post your stories about
Ellen being mean you see the stories
they were so nothing nothing too bad man
what was it it was like old I came on
her show and before I left she didn't
say hi it's like Oh Ellen takes down
video after jail joke about coronavirus
self-command Wow she's she's shook she
shook right now go to your comic stand
by it there are several other articles
written about her being an asshole
Oh Bambi yeah yeah single capital I've
heard about it I've heard it's you know
Entertainment Saul around it's like
don't you also think that she's one of
those to think log get to the top that's
why she became Ellen correct first place
and that makes a lot of enemies she's a
type she's anti personally it's her show
it's her way or the highway
ready to rock also probably maligned
most of her life because she was a
lesbian had to keep it in tight or some
darkness there's some darkness and
there's some anger in there you know oh
but the fucking jokes hilarious huh
that's a great joke hilarious joke
I like that wearing the same clothes and
everyone's gay that's funny that's funny
[Music]
my favorite hey man Justin Bieber have
you seen that fucking crib you know that
looks like inside you fucking morons no
joke that crib is yeah but the thing is
like it's saying this is the ugliest
house ever it's so crazy it's
weird-looking yeah but when you're
Justin Bieber look at that bro that
looks like some sort of you know what
that looks like it looks like a museum
like you would go there and they'd be
like a dinosaur in there it looks like
the open in Jurassic Park yes yeah
that's a dope house I bet it's all glass
you just walk around butt naked with his
girl and shit it looks like a giant
salad spinner
now you can lease it well no one's gonna
wanna lease it now
social media users mocked this Beverly
Hills house but tweeters got a few
things wrong first of all you should let
me see your house you're mocking this
post your house is your house bitch post
your shitty little apartment in Studio
City that you're mocking this castle
from this fucking Tony Stark castle 60
grand a month ooh that's it dude that
thing is fucking sick makes me like him
more yeah you know when I heard Justin
Bieber songs I thought it was sung by a
girl at first you didn't I had no idea I
thought it was a girl song it sounds
like that's Justin Bieber I'm like what
like the yummy song it's like I did why
are you laughing I didn't know no bro I
listened to 98 percent classic rock okay
I'm that old dude but you're but your
kids are listening to Justin Bieber um I
don't know if they do know shut that
shit off I throw it on the shit out of
here some Lynyrd Skynyrd what
yeah if they work out at the gym I make
them listen to fucking Skynyrd and
Zeppelin but I'm sure they have the
stuff they like yes yeah oh my god it's
terrible yeah I don't know what Alyssa I
could sing a lot of oh yeah yeah
wonderfully so scared of Corona she
should be that's a man she should be
well a lot of people should be scared
you know my dad hasn't left this house
but he's also like 63 so I'm like I get
it papa yeah my parents got real spooked
my parents got real spooked they don't
they don't do shit they're holding up I
think that when the remedy comes out
hopefully even they figure out what it
is we're all gonna relax when when foul
she was saying that we're not shaking
hands anymore ever no shaking hands
again ever like your bro I can't come on
man do come on that's it that's why I
kind of like that the UFC is doing their
thing and also it's like this is the UFC
the the Dana White and Fertitta is like
they're Cowboys man they take risk their
cage fighting promoters there's no
safety in that do you think that when
Francis and Ghana fought Alistair
Overeem and knocked him into another
dimension do you think there's any
safety in that no where's the safety but
Carell else would rather have Corona
need that uppercut I'm saying it's like
also you don't mean Tony's probably the
oldest guy in the card the card at 36
yeah look at the odd if Tony was let's
say worst-case scenario all the fighters
got Crona look at the odds they're all
gonna be just fine
switching the shape that they're in odds
are they'll be fine Tony Ferguson gets
Corona
you'll see him the next day running
hills yes with a mask on so it correct
now as long as those fighters don't go
back home and that and their
grandparents are around that's where it
is I see but I'm assuming they're not
fucking idiots
yeah that's where it gets dicey I just
wish there was a way to tell if you had
it because so many people are
asymptomatic you know there's a lot of
people that didn't feel any symptoms at
all and they found that they had it and
like whoa you know I wish there was a
better way to know if you had it but but
even if there's not again you look at
the odds the chances are in this wide
Dana and the guys are going on with the
it's like everyone should be fine yes
kovat 19 tests expected for fighters
coaches prior to UFC 249 so they're
going to test them and I think what
they're doing at the event is gonna
they're gonna temperature test everybody
temperature testing again I play devil's
out gets a little tough because again
some people haven't don't show symptoms
or show symptoms at all expect to send
test kits to fighters new teams ahead of
the event which is currently rumored to
take place at Tai Chi Tachi tachi Palace
- Ellis in Lemoore California a second
round of testing is also expected to
take place on site at 249 tests he was
one of strongest measures the promotion
can take to ensure that those who attend
event are negative for the corona virus
which is an incubation period of up to
14 days it doesn't completely eliminate
the possibility of spreading the virus
according to CDC it's possible a person
early stages of infection could test
negative on the test recognized by the
Public Health Institute oh great I got
an update on Francis so yeah they're
still finalizing the lineup but they
believe Francis will be Co made of that
Tom it has to be code you not why would
you not be that's but who do they have
in the main event on the ESPN that's the
that's the fucking sweetener that's the
little taste of meth that gets you to
buy the pay-per-view I know who would
you let me see the card again well how
about Stephens and cater when is that is
it on the main cards bank on it should
be on the main card that's my fight Luke
a Nico price that's right five to the
whole fucking card dude yeah I just I
wish it was free though mmm nothing have
to make that you gotta make that cheddar
William WME you know like you got to
think all their touring acts musicians
me
okay I'm WME big deal folder all their
touring acts
everything's been canceled oh four
twenty has been moved to October for 20
in Vancouver's moved to October 24th
October 24th that's when you get in high
October 24th we're gonna get high as
fuck in Vancouver hopefully hopefully
colvett 2 doesn't come out so that's uh
that's the main card and go to the the
prelims and see who's gonna be the if
it's not John Deere I hear a that's it
right there just move that one up and
then the bottom is Marlin Vera and Ray
Bourque now go to
fight past prelims so what they'll do is
they'll move up Michael Johnson and
common worthy they'll do do that that's
a great game by the way yeah those are
great too they'll move that to ESPN do
you know I heard I heard the fighters
gonna be fine bye hurt the commentators
gonna be in super danger of getting
Corona so you should do it and we should
do a fight compare I selfishly don't
want you to do it and also into a fight
you don't want to do it too but I also
I'm very curious about what it's like to
see a fight in an arena with no one
there I've ever been to the Ultimate
Fighter no I mean granted within the
arena but no it's just it just feels it
just feels different yeah I'm sure you
can literally hear that oh god I know
it's gonna fail it's gonna sound really
weird because I scream a lot - I'm gonna
hit ya it's gonna be very strain they're
gonna hear what I think should be done
they're gonna hear that might help yeah
for DC if DC is gonna be there with me
if someone's wrestling so you think
you're gonna do it you still don't know
dudes next Saturday after decide well
Olson I said that I would do it if it's
gonna be in America I talked to Dan I
said look man you got you do it in
America I'm gonna do it but it's not
really in America it's on the Indian
Reservation which means it's not
sanctioned by anything let 'ok
commission so does it not count it
counts
what's that will be a sanctioned event
how at all of their international events
they work together with the Nevada
Commission to sanction them and this the
ABC which is the Association a boxing
commission Thank You Madame sport says
this will be a section wow I pulled out
all the stuff that's interesting so how
do they hurt the California rules for
combat sports then because it's not
they're technically not on they're not
even a cornea jurisdiction right right
so they're using the go bet scroll back
up again please scroll back to the
beginning of the article here's
something to think about if any
substitution of boxing commissioning
combat of sports so the ABC which is the
Association of boxing come out of sports
released a statement saying that it's
taking place on tribal land did how
great is tribal land they can do
anything I can do whatever they want
I mean just during these times they had
a rough reason for why the roughest I
mean they used to own the whole country
when the UFC does international events
they regulate themselves using Nevada
State Athletic Commission inspectors in
this event on sovereign land is no
different fantastic fun we have little
countries inside our countries fantastic
here's what's interesting is any other
like if Bellator world syrupy FL if they
were like fuck California Commission
we're gonna do on Native American land
in California they would never be
allowed to work here again that Athletic
Commission like dude you fucked or not
doing it but do UFC such a juggernaut I
don't think California's gonna flex on
him and the end UFC has a close
relationship with California well
California Athletic Commission is run by
Andy Foster I'm a big fan of it I like
Andy he's the best with the whole Jon
Jones stuff remember all that so he has
a pretty tight relationship with the UFC
and Dana White so I don't think it's be
an issue for them well I don't think so
either it's being sanctioned not by the
California Athletic Commission though
yeah but ABC Commission good enough
here's here's what else is kind of
interesting about this is it's great
Dana's put it on he made it happen
but you realize that one of the reasons
they're making happen is there's a
little bit of desperation because they
have to put on 40 something fights how
many did I how many did I say Jamie I
read this article 42 for the years they
have to they have to put on 42 fights to
get there seven and fifty million bucks
from ESPN they have to do that how many
weeks are left in the year 38 weekend a
ton of fight Sun weight and put on so
how many of they done they've done a 7 7
35 to go 38 weeks fight every week back
to back to back and then they're gonna
go to fuck Island right any great are
they red to Jeff's Jeffery Epstein's
Island is that true Jamie I that's the
rumors online that's so awesome yeah I
can we would treat events held on
mystery islands the same way as well
mystery Islands we are in a goddamn
movie so the you see it get you can
sense it and you know there's so much
talking
no there's a little bit of desperation
where they have to put on the fights to
get that summer 15 million bucks the
screen goes fuck you pay me desperation
is a word that you could use another
word is innovation they had to innovate
dad to figure out how to keep having
fights you know they it's desperate cuz
you know they have they need to do
something WME needs the money everybody
needs the money
I mean the UFC is one of the rare people
that WM he owns that's not fucked right
now in terms of like firing employees
and there was an article written at the
UFC fired a bunch of employees it's not
true willie morris like those of them
the agents employees but UFC didn't it
I say that's more excited to to Dana
then WME yeah yeah I think it's both
innovation and desperation like dude we
have to get this money yeah we have to
get this money we're gonna figure out
how to make these fights happen well
they cancelled three cards right
postponed postponed three cards they
just jam those motherfuckers on fuck
Island dude fuck Island the Frey Island
they don't no one knows where the island
is though right no Dana won't tell
anyone
mm it's it's in international waters
right that's the idea
yeah and then all the international
fighters gonna fight there that's so
strange
fighting Henry cejudo the real king has
already told you that we're fighting May
9th see you there
PS I'll bring bring your other tiny
little friend
they said that a lot of brazilian
fighters couldn't get visas for the UFC
to 5000 couldn't get visas to leave
Brazil cuz Brazil doesn't want people
leaving so the ideal hey but also to be
fair Dominick Cruz first honey sudo
that's a better fight it's a very good I
don't know about that
all those coming off a loss bullshit
it's a loss really Jaime bite yep that's
fine and that's fine well what's the
record show though it does show it on
the record but I thought that was a bad
decision horrible decision but it's
tough to give him that nod not not if
you're the UFC you go fuck those judges
no I get it it's the Wild West yeah
we're fighting on fuck Island guy that
lost a fights get a title shot
we got an intern belt it's like what
fuck
hilarious but Tony's been a two-time
interim belt champion they better not
take it from him this time they stole it
from him before yeah they didn't I mean
it's on the longest winning streak in
UFC history I think you know what's
gonna happen isn't he yeah yes in light
yeah
period longest in light weight right
yeah well I think period though right
what his record yeah and in terms of
like years I mean he hasn't lost since
he got his arm broken the Michael
Johnson fight
here's something else yeah think about
Tony first and just engage gonna be
complete violence Tony's probably gonna
fight for a little while khabib has
Ramadan in August so I'm assuming we're
gonna be back to normal - beeps gonna
want to fight before then Tony's not
gonna be ready unless he smokes just
engaged with no one smokes just engag
so you're gonna get Conor could beep -
in between that in July yes buddy we're
in we're in March yeah April April but
horse and I'm thinking may june july
august ramadan tony kids still fight in
July yeah Connors chomping at the bit to
go is he yeah yeah but QB he doesn't
want to fight Conor the thing is it's
the UFC that he went through with Connor
talking shit to Connors already talking
shit he's already talking shit again
like it's not like he's gonna stop
talking shit he's gonna wrap it back up
again so it could be best endure all
that stuff again until he can get ahold
of it one more time huh that's why I
think they're gonna do I have no one
more person other than cowboy you would
think it's it's it's Conor McGregor he's
the biggest feint most famous fighter of
all time would you not watch could be
done or - oh I'd watch it for sure
especially if it takes place on fuck
Ireland dun dun da all right supposedly
deleted oh yeah I saw that
Andersen's front kick Ronda's arm
Brenda's h-bomb Crowe cops high kick
John side kick the knees over and over
again it's actually the only thing at
this stage khabib 'he's a little mermaid
leg wrap thing he does why did he delete
that he said way worse
oh no he's Conor yeah I think you
bit of a layoff oh yeah so then you know
because you're doing this fight which
praise the fight gods were getting but
Ramadan's in August so we got it could
be passed to fight in between there may
be or he just rides it out rides it out
fights in the December 31st card God
once fights when he knows that there's
going to be fights they'll do it in
Vegas
the dude at t-mobile big deal boo boo
boo own fireworks he doesn't fight for
money he doesn't give a shit he's
probably got so much money right now
anything rash and they like worship Him
he drives a Toyota
that's a button on that which which
Toyota the island of Emerald Isle of the
islands Emerald Isle of Ireland that's
not true
silly silly Conor he tries to fucking
like a Toyota Tundra those are cool
they're fine but I mean that's him
yeah guys a multi multimillionaire and
doesn't fly times over at least you're
looking at me worse likes wet suits and
shit doesn't have a fancy watch doesn't
is nothing nothing when he does with his
money puts in a vise grizzly bears and
shit he's the total polar opposite of
Conor in that regard that's why it's
fantastic Conor's wearing half a million
dollar watches while he's hitting the
speed I love to see that shit yeah I
love it
he's hitting the Cobra bag with a
fucking half a million dollar watch oh
that's great you need that Joe how much
that watch cost but it looked expensive
because you got Tony who's labeled as
the crazy guy right yeah Tony who's
labeled well he's just he's he's a
different bird let's just pussy Tony had
sunglasses on he's staring down with
could be but he's telling could be but
take your glasses off yes so take your
sunglasses off take your sunglasses off
and keep he's like what he's a he's a
brilliant madman I could deal with this
guy you deal with Connors on money my
face weightlifting gloves and he's got a
sleeves roll most so stage I'll tell you
if Justin were able to pull this off
just engag khabib is a fucking fight oh
my god cuz Justin can wrestle yes yeah
phenomenal phenomenal fire he can
wrestle any super dangerous standing up
and it's really hard to take him down if
he doesn't want to get take
down it's a real hard go and he throws
everything into those punches and he's
he's wild
but calculated you know JJ yeah yeah he
got he came on food truck tire and we
actually got into it and I loved when
guys address stuff because you know I'm
not engaged for a long long time and I
always said he's pretty he just knows
caution to the wind and goes fucking he
just brawls he's like dude you keep
saying that man people keep telling me
that he's like it's calculated you got
to go back and watch the thing like got
mad interesting yeah he's got he goes I
know exactly what I'm doing like alright
dawg tell me well he does know what he's
doing but it is very risky it's both I
think he's calculated in that he's he's
realizing there's a high-risk
high-reward thing so he calculates it
that's worth it whereas a lot of people
calculate now I'm not doing that I'm not
fighting that way
he's his style of fighting you know
that's not a long career he's nothing
that no and that's one of the reason I
think he took this fight and you know
like Chuck Liddell perfect example real
similar style in a lot of ways wrong bro
just fucking throw caution to the wind
and let the Hammers fly I mean that
style doesn't get you I mean we all see
how Chuck went at the end the end I
couldn't take a shot at him you can't do
it this day and age and you'll see guys
are too good yeah guys are way too good
can you MIT like stop in there win of
beat yo Romero if you threw caution to
the wind you got knocked the fuck out
rights right you guys are too talented
guys are too talented these days yeah I
think so too
I think but but the way Justin does is
not totally caution to the wind he just
takes risks a lot of risks but with it
you get the rewards like the Edson
Barboza knockin he gotten Barboza's face
he did he broke Barbosa smashed him
James Vick to smash the way he does it
the guys too but but then think about
the the highest level guys that he's
fought you look at Dustin Poirier you
look at his fight with Eddie Alvarez he
lost what is his full record look his
best wins
Danse Ronan it's in Barbosa hmm and then
his is that the time he fought you know
who I think's a top three top four guy
doesn't poor he lost right Eddie Alvarez
at the time
monster he lost yeah and then the world
series of fighting stuff it's just not
the source yeah it's hard but I feel
like yeah those two fights in role that
he lost but I feel like when you look at
his his style in the Vic and barbosa
fights and the Cerrone fight I think
he's gotten better I don't think you've
eaten those top boys like you ain't
being could be fighting like that
I don't think oh noes man I mean we
don't know I don't know but I would say
the odds are in my favor when I say that
interesting now can just engage he beat
anybody in the world
yes but the odds are with that fighting
style going against khabib or Tony for
that matter it's tough man rap I've got
to give him an advantage striking verse
it's harder than all of them right
hundred percent but then we're not gonna
be like he wants to take him down right
do you think could be was gonna be able
to take him down easily easily you think
yeah I'd you know talking to some guys I
know could be would go against you know
like Penn State like Ed Ruth who's
whenever four-time all-american I think
three-time national champion he is like
a fucking statue at Penn State I know he
wrestled with him and it does not go
well for him Fred Ruth really real I
know guys come and get fucking mauled up
I could be world class wrestlers way
heavier than fuck them up really guys we
know that good that good goddamn talk to
DC about it oh yeah I have I have but I
want to hear from you are you such a
monster man yeah you when when you hear
someone like Josh Thompson and hear
these guys tell the stories about khabib
my god I don't know if I'll ever lose
he's that good and they kept T we've
never seen lose around and practice well
he lost one round ever in a fight and I
was around three against Connor where it
looked like he was kind of taking the
round off yeah you know but I mean
that's what guys do when they want a
final push to finish a guy and then
you're on to finishing them the next
round I think that rematch is it again I
don't can counter beat them I don't know
but I think if Connors focus has a full
camp I think that fight does go a little
different I do give kind of a better
chance mmm interesting yeah I don't know
I mean you never know who knows it's fun
it's so it's the funnest yeah it is the
best
there's no basketball basketball can't
perform
right now well the thing about the
difference between basketball and
everything else and an MMA is in MMA
this two guys they're fighting and then
there's one referee those the ones in
contact with each other with basketballs
everyone's fucking on top of everybody
and five Koshu faces and football same
thing colliding the football to me
they're not gonna miss a beat you don't
think so
well didn't didn't Gavin our governor
say something about football not coming
back he doesn't count when he talked he
doesn't count when you talk to like
Trump and you hear some of these other
people talk like Trump told the NFL the
Commissioner is like I'm planning for
NFL season to not skip a beat dude you
want to see people piss in America fuck
with football mmm fuck with LSU football
or Georgia football college football see
what happens you think things are bad
now fuck with the college football you
know this is a weird time to because
it's right before the election you know
election comes in November like imagine
if this said this shit was going on
right now in the elections like next
week god
chaos your boy Bernie dropped out yep
it's rap
Biden ain't beating Trump nope that's
your best that's the guy it shows you
how crazy the system is that they wanted
him as long as Biden to be their guy
that they don't they can't admit that
he's in cognitive decline I mean not
very strange listen I fuck up all the
time I speak for a living I fuck up all
the time
Haydn's but Biden no he fucks up man
you're politician I fuck up all the time
too but we're also talking live for
hours and hours and hours at a time if I
had a prepared thing that I was doing
like my stand-up I don't fuck you would
be sharp as fuck if you guys having one
of those conversations they're asking
you look if someone wants to ask me
questions about things that I understand
like MMA or like comedy like if you want
to ask me questions about things that I
think about and talk about all the time
you have your black belt and bulls yeah
I could talk to you and really clearly
about those things and make a lot of
sense he can't do that about politics
and he's been a politician forever and
that's your shit he's he's an you know
he's a guy who's suffering he's in
decline and they're gonna try to wail
Mountain whoever his VP is whether it's
Kamala Harris or
baby whoever it is but that's who you're
voting for
yeah he's I mean it's quarto sort of
like when Dick Cheney was basically
running the country
yeah George Bush was the present yeah
yeah I don't know we'll see there's no
way he beats drunk he doesn't beat Trump
not a chance no not a chance especially
because of the timing of this right now
we're in the shit right we're in the
April shit is the worst time of the
corona a lot of people are dying there's
a slight drop-off in New York people
dying less today than yesterday slight
drop off yesterday from the day before
so things are looking pretty good cowboy
it's gonna be yeah California is looking
very good right yeah we're crushing it
very good so and then and so and then
you go June July August hopefully
everything's up and running again
economy starts coming back on track
Trump makes a couple of great speeches
but Biden is more in decline it's not
gonna get better
no those two faceoff Trump's gonna light
him up like a calm you Central Roast
he's already dismissing him sleepy Biden
he's like but he's saying like someone
said Biden said this he was he did first
of all he didn't right that was
Democratic operative he probably doesn't
even know what it says he's gonna
destroy him he's gonna kill a man I mean
it's such an easy target
it's like Mike Tyson versus a
three-year-old it's true it really is
it's it's it's a terrible fight
I thought Bernie had a legit chance
Bernie had a legit chance he had a legit
chance because there's a lot of people
that are in the middle that are you know
a lot of people that are casually
acquainted with politics that would
listen to his message of doing good for
the working class I think you helped out
with more people I think you made him
human we is on here I was like oh I like
that guy would you have Biden up no
really no oh man what if he was like
this awesome dude well I'm just really
nervous onstage income 7 just drops
knowledge no he never was like that
that's the thing if you go back and
listen to him from when he was younger
he was whip smart very smart guy very
very clear sure all those very clear
talk now this is this is a sign of
decline it's it is what it is you
wouldn't have my open conversation with
all that shit that that Bernie Sanders
thing was such a bummer why because he
turned all
stuff that I didn't stand up and like
things that have said drunken podcast
and put it in quotes as if I'm a
homophobe or a transfer bore a racist or
they just lied to make it look like
Bernie was supporting some right-wing
person but meanwhile I'm left-wing I've
never never been right-wing my life but
also those people don't matter but it
didn't matter as much as it made me feel
like this is a dirty business like I
don't want to be a part of your dirtiest
business there it's it's they're trying
to change people's opinions with
deception it's not like they're trying
to tell you how good their guy is
they're using deception yeah they're
using fucker it's sleazy its sleazy it's
a sleazy business it's not a meritocracy
after Bernie came on to two other
politicians reach out oh yeah oh yeah
sure a lot yeah and they denied it too I
got emails
oh well they reached out to the
publicist but I'm not interested in look
I'm only interested in interviewing
people that I thought were interesting I
was interested in like Andrew yang
Andrew sitting that guy like him - I
like him oh my god I love tulsi gabbard
I just think she's there too you know
she's so dangerous to those people that
they just they wouldn't want they were
trying changing the rules to keep her
from debating fuck after she sank Kamala
Harris they like this lady's too
dangerous
Kamala Harris pretty hot you like her
not bad this quarantines make me way I
don't know man I'm using as like extra
hugs camp I've been working out a lot I
work out on things two three times a day
man I ride my bike I could you know
eight ten miles on that mountain bike we
we went on a get on it we ran out of
kettle bell so quick everybody ran out
of kettle bells for at home work guys
man everybody wants kettle bell because
you can get an amazing workout in with
one kettlebell you sit it in the corner
of your house you know what a great
workout fuck yeah dude I remember when I
got that I'm not hating on pal time well
I got Palatine Mike do that things for
bitches
now I'm on there every day every day
sometimes two three times a day I do not
think is fuck and I got a real bike oh
it's not it's nowhere near the same it's
a lot harder when you run that's
obviously much harder going up hills and
shit oh my god you're doing trails
trails yeah
trail bike right behind my house I'm
like legit trails the thing that bugs me
though is you look like you're running
away to a mountain lion mountain lions
have gone after bikers before I know I
thought I thought of you two days ago I
was on the trail is that 7 a.m. I was
the first one there so you can just see
the fresh mud I see these huge paw
prints ooh and I was like I remember you
going dude you'll have an eye for
anything and I have this fanny pack that
way I bribed with keep all my stuff and
I'm like and I look down like I have
nothing I have a knife from this company
called half half face blades and the the
and what is it like when you take a
bunch of letters like ABC what is it
called when you when you just say ABC
you know the American boxing commission
it's just an abbreviation
it's sh p OS that's the name of the the
knife it's a subhuman piece of shit so
it's it's it's made it's like a spike
like it's it's shaped like if you really
wanted if you were in combat it's got a
loop for your thumb so if you really
wanted oh damn
attacked by a cat I've thought this to
have another one yeah I have another one
yeah four of them I'll give you one of
you want one I don't think you here no I
don't have it here but I'll get you man
please do yeah I was so scared that shit
it's a it's a Navy SEAL run company oh
hell yeah but this is a it's it's
perfect I keep it on my have a neoprene
fanny pack that I run in my cellphone
sits in here and I have that
motherfucker right that's all I do from
now on I used to I was running with ear
pods on and listening to music but
problem is I've run with the dog all the
time I want to be able to hear him and
then also rattlesnakes yes you see the
picture oh my god dude I so I was on the
truck sent it to you yes I like dude
look at this fucking around it was a
dragon
straight-up dragon and I have nothing it
was so thick so the thing is like you're
not fighting a rattle
with a knife you know I mean look at
look at that fucker no that was someone
someone sent that to me it's on his it's
right there that fucking thing dude look
at the look at this why is this fucker
yeah that's a big snake man look how
thick he is booth and I was like oh look
it feel
that's a serpent brother I didn't see
that count it's so fuck you buddy dude
that so again I usually run with
headphones on and that day I was running
I was on my bike and I just I took one
out for whatever reason I'm running and
I hear something and I looked I see I'm
like holy fuck and I'm not scared of lap
I'm scared of snakes
I really am you should be scared of
rattlesnakes because if they get you
it's a mess
well I'm usually with my son snake thing
about all the time I was looking at a
house once and there was a rattlesnake
right in the front yard wow that's a bad
sign I killed it did you stomp on its
head yeah fuck yeah cuz I was like first
of all it's these people's house you
know even if I don't buy this house if
they have kids or dogs they did have a
kid dude yeah we have to but my wife is
like that's a bad time
she's right yeah yeah but with that I'm
like and I wanted to go that way I was
going back home downhill I'm like dude
please don't make me go back around 6
miles uphill it's such a nightmare and I
was like I'm just gonna buck and run by
and I just had this vision my head if
him fucking leashing out if I like so
how's it gone we get some rock so I
throwing rocks at him this thing didn't
give a fuck dude it was hit him in the
head and just staring at me went
he's pretty gangster I'm gonna go back
the long way what the long way dude I
was so scared man you should be you get
bit by a rattlesnake it is a real
nightmare I'm in the middle of nowhere
I'd be so fucked it causes a necrosis
all around the injury like tissue rots
away there's some horrible websites that
will show you what it looks like when
someone gets bit by a rattlesnake and
then they have to have multiple multiple
surgeries to skin grafts all this shit
all that
tissue around the injury dies is one guy
got bit on his arm
and I want to say it took him like 13
surgeries to get back the use of his arm
but I mean over years like huge like
huge rotting hole where the bite was
where you could see the bone and the
mountain line I'm thinking because I saw
the big print I'm like that's a big
fucking cat man how big was it on your
hand a little small in my hand they're
big and they're out there there's a lot
of a man just if they're hungry
try finding deer these days well the
last time you saw a deer can tell you
especially around yeah tell you there
should be deer everywhere if there's a
deer and there's a buck and a doe and
then there's a there's a bunch of other
dough's there should be deer everywhere
it should be like Pennsylvania where you
like you you can't drive at night for
you're worried about hitting them
Pennsylvania doesn't have any mountain
lions we got a fuckload of cats and we
have Bobcats too we have coyotes I'll
fuck a bobcat up you think you would I
don't think you had a 40-pound cat
trying to kill you you'd be freaked out
oh for sure
stupid face killing you is like it might
be able to kill you but I want to have
something where I'm gonna plunge it into
his fucking eyeball give me that knife
do ya please it's like a spike I thought
a few seniors website go to the
half-face bit blades website and I
thought of you comin on the show being
like you guys you and Brian sad and
Eddie's there and I'm gone my son Toby
and you being like I fuckin told them I
fuck if you got killed by a mountain I
said food out there and wear a fucking
ghillie suit and be hiding in the bushes
that's what it looks like yeah but
though it's wrapped with it's not a
metal handle it's wrapped with paracord
said you see there's an image of it with
the paracord yeah well either way I'm
shoving that thing into some mountain
lions eyeball it's so stressful yeah I
stopped taking my son on that path we go
in a much smaller one though yeah man
there's a lot of wildlife out there but
at least we don't have grizzly bears you
know at least we don't have god man
I'm just so scared now scared packing
heat I got to do something and I go I go
deep man I go down the mountain on my
bike that's a good one to a spike I
think said yeah but I want to be able to
cut to not just puncture I'll just
fucking yeah
the subhuman piece of sheds my knife
that's what I arrive I've thought it
through but but your dog hasn't
encountered any snakes or anything no no
he hasn't but my other dogs had my Frank
Sinatra my pitbull okay when he was
alive he had been bitten three different
times by rattlesnakes on the never on
the nose yeah on his face that's when
they died though right
he was good dog with a tank he'd be so
crazy his face swole up like a balloon
and I had to bring him in have you seen
the the I saw some research they're
saying is rattlesnakes are aware that
the rattle gives them away and people
are killing them so they're not rattling
as much anymore no geez that's the nurse
study they found out so they're evolving
they're evolving realizing the rattles
give them away to humans so and they get
killed
so that's smarter and they're not
rattling as much Jesus Christ so I see
that big snake I go the other way I see
an old man walking down I go dude
there's the biggest rattlesnake you've
ever seen about 500 yards away he was
really
oh yeah goes I have to go this way my
wife and kid are down there and they're
coming up he was can you show me where I
go sure
I walked down I go he's right he's not
there and then behind it through here
dude so scared I was running with my
dogs once we're going down this hill on
this trail and I ran over this stick and
as I'm in the air over the stick I
realized it's a rattlesnake oh shit yeah
it's a big one like as thick as my
forearm I holy fuck that was the biggest
nigga ever did he do anything nope just
laid there and then I started throwing
rocks at them and I screaming at my dogs
to back up Jesus I threw rocks at him he
got off the trail and he slithered into
the bushes
it's so scared I was a time ago that was
more than ten years ago but I remember
what was happening I was like whoa I was
like that is a big fucking scene fat
dick around you're not gonna do
shit like it bite you it's not like
there's gonna be this tussle no no no if
it bites you fucks fucking out yeah
you're fucked and it's so bad you don't
suck the poison out or cut it or any of
that stuff that people say you wet it
with a cold damp cloth and you get to a
doctor as quickly what about a
tourniquet I don't think so I don't
think you're supposed to do that
I don't I think that's all bullshit I
think what it does is it digests the
meat see what a rat what rattlesnake
venom does is like when it stabs a
rabbit or some shit it's it doesn't have
like it's it's not an animal that
digests things the way that we do and I
think one of the things it does is the
poison helps digest the meat because
they're poison doesn't just like kill
the thing and paralyze things but it
also breaks down the tissue so then when
it's eating it it's like the necrosis of
the tissue might have made all that up
not since liquid did you hear that
there's that rapper I think Mike Mike
Nutt Mike stead Mike Posner so he was
running from Thalia in Colorado I think
I forget where is that yeah bit by a
baby rattlesnake which is more dangerous
because babies don't know how to control
their venom the big ones do babies just
like a fucking they release all their
venom so it's supposed to be more
dangerous to get bit by a baby I heard
that's a myth I might have made that up
no I don't think you did it up heard it
before but then I remember reading that
baby rattlesnakes are no more deadly
than regular really I know Mike Posner
was fucked up yeah cuz he'd do a rap in
every city and then he was like doing a
rap from his hospital bed fuck up he was
he was it ruined his shit he was stuck
in there for weeks weeks yeah because
the baby rattler really fucked him up oh
well my dogs got fucked up three
different times my female she got fucked
up once and my male got fucked up three
times so three different times I had to
bring them in one time they both got
fucked up but they're fine yeah but they
had to get anti-venom and it's yeah it's
expensive it's several thousand dollars
for the anti-venom so think about war be
Mountain Elk in the snake yeah of course
it's expensive yep some fucking dude
milking the snakes but you know you can
get immune to that shit guys they milk
snakes and then they give themselves
like a little bit of the time and
eventually they get immune to it no nuts
pretty nuts yeah like they'll snake
dudes fuck ever seen them those dudes
who handle snakes in in church services
oh my god fucking yeah man what the fuck
that's some old-school fire and
brimstone shit man handling snakes have
you seen that evil priest he has like
this real evil house and his boys and
I'm gonna blow little racist yeah that's
that same guy that he got interviewed by
some woman she was asking him do you
think that poor people are demons I
never said that he's so scared
you can tell you what's the hit a bitch
what is his name again Kenneth Copeland
is that it yeah not he's a scary scary
dude he's got a lot of money tons of
flights driving and shit jets but now
you can't have a crowd so it's just him
and his boys and they help they're all
appraised do you blow it away Wow crowd
yeah it's really weird he's doing the
show with no crowd I think he bought his
jet from Tyler Perry hello Tyler Perry's
jet fucking ride he did you know that's
weird as Wrestlemania did it with no
crown yeah you thought wrestling was
weird before try and watch it with no
crowd so strange
it's so weird things with no crown like
people that are doing stand-up with no
crowd need to stop doing stand I would
know crowd he stopped doing it stop
doing that we got our text though he's
silly thin video that people don't stand
with us cry it's tough
well not only that but the people that
are doing stand-up another crowd they're
not good at it to begin with they're not
good at it with a crowd so then they do
it with no crowd and like oh my god this
is a disaster it's such a it's the
biggest disaster yeah doesn't work oh my
god it's so tough to watch on stage with
no crowd and then just like their punch
line it's just like oh fuck I know
people are talking about doing zoom
stand-up wait this out really it's gonna
come down to can't if they can do that
with snake venom
can't they do that with the fucking
Corona we'll figure a little bit I'm so
I'm so optimistic about things I got a
show end of June and spoke in Washington
yeah a lot of deaths but now they're the
best because they've gone through it
so now it's took its way down there
that's interesting Washington
California's kicking ass the
Washington's kicking morass in
California because they fucking peaked
what's the Jamie what's the latest and
when California is gonna open up see if
it says is interesting the Los Angeles
County tried to have gun stores shut
down saying that they're not essential
and they put the kibosh on that with a
quickness
hell no quickness do your you're a
shooter now I'm a shooter now it's fun I
like it that's fun as fuck it was a good
time right that's fine it's good to know
it's good to know how to shoot
accurately and that might guns at home
but I can't but I mean I've only shot it
once and it's just that you know some
bullshit not like with legit trainers
and coaches yeah it's great right so fun
you get good at it I'm gonna go back out
there but you have to shoot the cool gun
right did you or no calendar I'm sorry
you shot it before that day you'll do
you go yeah I left shortly after you can
talent state yeah no it's um it's a good
thing to learn it's a good thing to
learn to learn how to handle a gun learn
how to use it correctly learn all the
safety procedures but learn how to do it
accurately use the proper technique it's
like everything else like martial arts
or everything you know you need to know
how to do it right you get familiar with
it yeah makes a big difference man you
know and doing it Terran tactical where
they trained Keanu Reeves for John wick
and Halle Berry trained there for John
wick three and you know he trains a
bunch of people from movies is the real
deal yes nice guy too
a lot of cops there too you know a lot
of a lot of people practicing that need
it for the line to do yeah I was
interesting he was saying he has a lot
of Special Forces guys there and I was
like oh do they just kill this yes it's
not really their thing he goes there a
lot of them coming that they you know
they don't do great because that's not
it's just not what they practice I use
once they get it down the other monsters
but at first no yeah the thing is
killing bad guys yeah thing is not
hitting metal targets well yeah they're
you know they the training training with
a gun it's like training with everything
else you know it's like the more you do
it the better you get at it it's not
simple it's just most people don't get
the opportunity to do what we did to
train with a guy like Taryn and
and correctly learn how to do it from a
real master like that a guy was one you
know countless competitions he's fast
with it it's a weird thing right to be
able to be really good at shooting
something how about I go can you imagine
I tell you and Brian ago can you imagine
shooting a human like this you sure can
sure can imagine if someone broke in
your house Brendan no yeah no damn good
yeah you could yeah we're that's one of
the weird things there's so many people
that I know that a real anti-gun that
got guns when this whole thing went down
a buddy of mine I want to say his name
but his wife was like you can never have
a gun in this house he's like okay okay
soon as his shit went down she's like we
need to get again immediately yeah yeah
immediately yeah my full James Anthony
Smith fights home intruder man charged
with criminal trespass yeah you were
telling me about that apparently the guy
was tough to like Smith said and smaller
than him he said the guy was like 170
pounds and the guy took everything he
could throw out he's on meth said no
normal human being is is able to fight
like that he said I'm by no means the
baddest dude on the planet listen he's
top 100 oh and all the humans on the
planet
Anthony Smith with top 100 baddest
motherfuckers in the earth but he's a
regular Joe and I had a hard time
dealing with him and he took everything
I gave him every punch every knee every
elbow he took every single one of them
and kept fighting me at one point Smith
said his mother-in-law brought him a
kitchen knife which she held to have her
man who continued to fight him why
didn't you just choke him unconscious
that's a legit point why don't you just
choke the fuck out of them yeah I just
happened said hey I'm sorry as he walked
by after things calm down hey man I'm
sorry I'm sorry tried to kill you he
said there was blood off the computer
and habberman was cut and had swelling
on his face yeah
did he but he didn't lay anything on
that thing I think your speed - unstuck
it but the guy took it the fact that the
guy only weighed 170 pounds and it says
Smith fights it 205 pounds he's walking
around 230 yeah he's smashing this dude
that's you know a legit 60 pounds
lighter than I'm which is crazy said
experience a wide range of emotions
afterwards I like Smith a lot he's a
very intelligent dude have you heard him
as an analyst
here's a future in that future he's got
a future in fighting - I wanna you know
I mean I think after he fought John
Jones he got the rub and he looked
fantastic it looked great with gustafson
know if you remember that fight he could
have easily won that fight with that DQ
he remember that yeah I think John hit
him and they go do you want you want
continued fighting I do you want come on
he goes he hit him with a lone knee all
right I think is do you remember that
yeah it was a knee when he's down and he
goes you want to stop the fighting he
would have won the fight and he was
that's not my style he was to continue
the fight that's interesting I don't
remember that yeah I remember it vaguely
he's a badass man he is he's a very very
smart guy
what are you if you're gonna act out and
make the news now's the time cuz like
with John yeah like what dude we're
trying to not die wouldn't go fuck with
John's doing like we know about Jane
angry we know about John yeah but the
world doesn't you think no but like you
but like even with Kobe's death like
have you heard anyone talk like that you
before this came that was it was so
heavy with Quran no one's really even
mentioned it we should were so focused
on this fucking virus yeah yeah it's
interesting I'm I'm curious to see when
all is said and done how many more
people died of the flu than of dying of
kovat yes because it's gonna be higher
the flu doors are gonna be higher it's
what I mean imagine if we just do this
every time there's a flu there's a
shutdown don't you don't you think at
some point with society we're gonna get
to a point where people are sick of
being quarantined and they're gonna look
at the numbers and go okay these are the
odds of me in it and thoughts of me
surviving it I'm not I'm not gonna live
my life like this man yeah you shouldn't
because the odds are you you know dying
from driving in the same way I mean the
other thing is what people leave the
house they're good you you're putting
people at danger okay
do you drive well you're putting people
at danger you know how many people die
every year 30,000 people die every year
from motor vehicle accidents the United
States we'll think about thinking about
lives have been saved because the
quarantine of because the no car crashes
that's a good point except have you
noticed how people are driving like
fucking idiots I Drive a hundred 70
miles an hour
everywhere I drive like I robbed the
bank and it's out of the other day when
I got to calm down
dudes I spun my car out getting on the
405 and really about dude it's no one's
out
it's fucking fucking gt2 I never get to
drive like this so crazy you can't drive
like that in that car that car Stu
bonkers it's so fun dude and no one's on
Topanga Canyon or Malibu Canyon dude
it's so weird right we'll put a GoPro on
you guys should see the way I Drive one
of the things this makes me realize how
much I would love living in a smaller
town I like it when there's no traffic
man it's nice it just feels different
when you're driving around it feels more
relaxed you want to see that I'm
realizing how off CL is huge but like to
get the Pasadena or Hollywood or Santa
Monica with no traffic easy if he wears
like 18 minutes away
it's so naughty yes yes
two hours of its regular shit I know
right like how much is it just get to
San Diego right now it's an hour and ten
minutes so easy yeah San Diego is a
nightmare driving to San Diego dude when
I do La Jolla oh you have to do a
Thursday night show yeah what time do
you leave I leave at noon I leave at
noon I left that 11:00 last time it
still took me three and a half hours
yeah Elevens probably better because
then you don't get that three o'clock
traffic oh you hit that three if you
don't get past the OC by two o'clock
you're fine the OC is the world traffic
on earth it's like right up there with
Mexico City Orange County so crazy
there's so many people jammed into
Orange County how many they must have a
lot of kovat 19 in not as bad as this
rewrite all of California's kind of
kicking ass I don't know mmm two and a
half hours to downtown San Diego right
now it says that yeah that's a nice
that's how you drive like a bitch I saw
I started looking at ways to kind of
moderate even but you know you when you
talk to a portion thues it's like dude
don't fuck don't touch it don't touch
your cars too fast as it is you're not
gonna make it faster it's just so good
the gt2 is a rare perfect car it's
perfection they just it's one of those
rare cars we're right off the assembly
line they nailed it I love that
it's a beast of a car ma'am do you think
you could ever live in San Diego that's
one of the places I think I can live
dude me too I'll start him out with Cal
and I said if I didn't have to be in LA
for entertainment purposes and stand-up
I'd move to La Jolla yes the house in La
Jolla and it's quiet good families yeah
very nice and restaurants coffee cliffs
do you know how many restaurants are
they gonna be open how quick do you
think everything bounces back people
have to have to bounce back so I bet
people gonna be eager to bounce back man
right but the restaurants that are going
under it's gonna take a long time for
they rebuild and reopen the other thing
is because you're obviously a theater
slash arena act I think it's me
I think September October is gonna be
fine free but June July August and
theaters me tough hmm yeah unless they
ask people to wear masks or some shit or
maybe maybe maybe at the you know the
the regular kind of comedy places like
the comedy zones and helium's it's
people coming in test their temperature
coming in you know but then you're in
line with all those people like imagine
if you're in line and some dudes got the
fever and you you right in front of you
and they test him like sir you have to
leave
I saw World War Z the other day not a
good idea not a good idea during all
this dude those people were time out of
shape if zombies come here you're even
more fucked yeah you know my thing about
zombies were always in The Walking Dead
why is this lasting years how are there
still zombies what are you what the fuck
what are they eating how are they
staying alive zombies they're slow
zombies the slow zombies I feel like we
could wipe them out in a day yeah why
are they so slow and then then Zee world
is like fuck that and they're like
roasting zombies yeah well the 28 days
later were the first fast zombie that's
true they were the first fast zombies
they were the scary zombie 'he's 28 days
later still to me from my money that's
the scariest fucking horror movie it's a
scary assam zombie movie i should looks
realistic the world wars ease up there
though man mmm
it's not as violent there's some
violence in 28 days later really
Jesus Christ where people have to hack
other people apart that their loved ones
yeah like boyfriends and girlfriends
hack each other apart but they realized
the person just got it and they're about
to turn well how about Brad Pitt with
his girl there on the plane she got
Benny fucking hacks arm off remember I
don't know before they on the plane she
got bit and he's like let me see your
arm and he's like bye down this hae-joo
she cuts her arm off now they're on the
plane and they're chillin everything's
all good and then someone out the zombie
comes out the back and he's like oh shit
takes the grenade throws it on the plane
why do I have to remember this do this
movie's fantastic Brad Pitt's my
favorite yeah yeah because they're there
and she's biting down and he's like bite
down no it's on the plane you know on
the planes when he throws the bomb see
she got bit right here Oh see I got this
way saves my life oh that's right he's
Oh bitch hmm
Brad Pitt style Doug oh yeah I think
Brad I didn't get that far in the movie
oh well yeah and then well I watched it
the first time I got that far but the
other night only got an hour into it
great night not even I think I got 40
minutes into it fantastic movie and I
was like do you think Brad Pitt sleeps
with nad trips or what do you think why
does he look like that he looks great
I know I know weird right like how's he
doing that I don't know
genetic week when he took off his shirt
for Once Upon a Time in Hollywood I'm
liking this guy timepiece Leslie's 32
years old ridiculous yeah
not fat at all nothing what do you think
that's just constant exercise genetics
and then meanwhile no Instagram posts of
him lifting at all does he even have an
Instagram do you got famous you have to
be to not have an Instagram how about
your pal
your pal doesn't have an Instagram me
there nothing nothing people that are
smart they just like why am I doing this
you could do you could do without it you
and you like it but you could do without
it nothing would change for you yeah but
it helps to have ability to express
yourself if something comes up you know
and like if you want to promote
something if you need to let people know
about something that's quiet like your
shows yeah
I think you'd be alright yeah but when
you do want to ring us you really kind
of need something like that you know
some 15,000 tickets let people know
otherwise they have to let them know
through other means that cost money how
does she do us like Live Nation hitters
he does mostly theaters to him you'll
find out he's in a place that has 3,000
tickets they're gone like good going
it's like when you go from 3,000 to like
Madison Square Garden and then you're
into 18 thousands and I in New York
you're doing regular math Square Garden
yeah you're doing big boy I'm doing
Boston Garden the week later back to
back I love it yeah it's crazy how about
the comics who got their special on
Netflix up like right during the corn
team's Sakura cry sure next week
daliyah's two's doing up daliyah's
Tuesday yeah it's a good move it's the
best move yeah and the comics I can't do
Schulz and fucking Thiel Vaughn who
we're gonna we were gonna shoot it like
last month and air it either fucked well
they're not far they're gonna it's like
it's always better anyway it just
tightens your material up you spend more
no but no one can do material though
yeah but you're gonna have time to think
about it it's your time to change your
perspective some things I think all
those any thought do you have as a comic
it's almost there's a time where it's
too much
but most of the time you put them out
and you're like God I wish I had a
couple more time or yeah almost always
everything I've ever done I wish I had
three more months yeah I wish I would
waited six more years well also I tell
everybody when you're doing stand-up and
you're doing a special the special is
only 60 to 70 percent as funny as it is
being there it's never as funny as no
matter who it is
because they're part of the fun is
you're at a live show with all these
people you know transid funny off the
vibe you're missing most of that with
the Netflix hey you stop watching Tiger
King did you go all the way I finished
it I'm only on we did episode 5 last
night so I have two more to go ok but
you're kind of in the thick of it I
wouldn't think of it did you get where
the guy has the hot nanny No
coming up okay he's like the hottest man
you've ever seen really well it's uh
this show is fucking so strange but if
you had a TV show like a fiction show
that was that strange you and believe it
you wouldn't believe it you go this
shows too over-the-top
how about the straight kid he just
turned gay just needed meth Trump moles
a joe exotic pardon I'll bring a suck
have you seen that you know how he's
doing his his his press conference
someone asked that question yes not
Tiger king but that's not what he said
he said I'll take a look just to shut
the guy up and he's like who - who said
that Don was it my son it was it was a
sign he goes which one was it Donnelly
knew it was dong dongs kind of crazy but
it's um I don't know if I didn't get to
the part where they go into detail about
the murder-for-hire conviction so I
don't I don't know if he did or didn't
do it
my thing yeah I mean I'm like s word for
you I don't know if he did or didn't
light his place on fire definitely did
definitely did okay did that woman feed
her husband to the tiger I don't know
but you know what sucks for her let me
stop definitely did definitely did but
you know it sucks for her you know it
sucks for got away with it because
things such a hit
now everyone's they opened back up the
case she's all fuck well they should I'm
sayin was worth millions he disappears
she runs a tiger sanctuary strange
she's got Tigers she has meat grinders
and she has things that will eat
hundreds of pounds of meat and Callen
pointed this out of you something should
be noted is someone says something about
killing a person with a tiger and they
go yeah you could just rub rub some sort
of meat on the boot so she goes just put
sardine just put sardine so she said
yeah sardine on a super particular yeah
it's like sardine oil okay yeah they've
found the video of his wedding online
that is it real yeah yeah played it in
the show yeah yeah but like I they'll
cover the full video of it like people's
in this this is apparently a pretty wild
tape - it's 23 minutes long and these
two guys that were both straight are
well how does that mean but what is
straight
did they get their dick hard did they
fuck guys like your K well now there's
okay well but the what the one can't
call him straight well no the will the
one homeboy who was like six six was
kind of the timepiece because I came
here to fuck with these Tigers and the
next time I'm sucking his dick he cuz he
got and he actually that boy want to
play them Tigers so bad but Joe exotic
goes he was I taught him this and this
is actually a joke who I forget who it's
from but I'm it when he said I'm like
weird I know it's someone's joke that he
then it's not his it's not original
because he wasn't he was uh when he
watched porno do you like do you like
down with a little dick of the big dick
and he goes well big dick II was then
you ain't that game that's somebody's
joke I think it's Ron whites or Dahmer
eras but it's a joke that's interesting
you said Joe exotic said that in the
show right yeah and I was like oh that's
funny that straight he said yeah yeah so
that's his new guy that's the new guy I
got two that watch Joe exotic so thick
he's in a coronavirus isolation believe
he contracted it really I he said he did
i boy do anything sell some fucking
Harvey Weinstein got it well we think it
think about your inside a fucking prison
there's no ventilation you're in there
with a bunch of dudes who have nothing
to live for
everyone's cooped up no windows
nothing's open you can't get any air in
there if someone's got something
everybody gets something to make it sit
it goes like fire through bushes through
the whole cell block or imagine what do
you do let him go yeah Chicago Jail is
top u.s. hot spot as virus spreads
behind bars leaves 1324 confirmed
coronavirus cases are tied to prisons
and jails across the United States
including at least 32 deaths Wow what's
that percentage thirty-two of the
thirteen hundred it's pretty good
I like my odds like my odds I'll take
those odds you ever have these CBD kill
cliffs not have it drink that is a
caffeine in them no 25 milligrams of CBD
why not
whoo yeah that you should drink a little
whiskey man you want to fuck yeah okay
what else what else are we gonna drink
at home go get Jimmy's gonna get some
glasses
get some glasses and a little bit of ice
peel show after this yeah I'm doing
something with Ari I'm doing Ari's uh
video please do
in some video series I was already doing
he's hiding he's in hiding he's he's in
a state not New York until everything
like people stop dying and then he's
gonna go back
he got freaked out he fled the city he
should yeah no smart move
yeah I dunno I like so many people fled
the city I mean that's the city's
basically I mean John Joseph sent me a
video the other day of me on the massive
square garden billboard and I suppose
the streets it's great no one there it's
it's crazy it's everyone's dead oh are
you left because I scared Corona
yes I thought you saying are you letting
because the COBE thing no people forgot
about that by now are you good baby yeah
they probably forgot about it you know
there's a few people that have not
forgot about thank you sir
a few people that have not but yeah he
won't do that again
no this lesson I hope so Jesus Christ it
was a bad move all said Artie's always
been nice to me he's a great guy cheers
brother
hey not good for the immune system but
good for the he'll be all right
a little bit this is a little drinky-poo
a day not bad for you I've been drinking
one glass of wine every day really
supposed to be really I've never felt
better you don't realize how much
traveling and flying fuck you up I feel
great the fucks you are bad I've been
thinking about that a lot I've been
reading a lot of choices you know how
comics do residency's in Vegas yes why
do a residency in LA like if you want to
come you want to come see me I'm at the
fucking ace theater or I'm at you should
do that I'm thinking about it man you're
at that level you should that's a
brilliant idea
I'm thinking about going on the road
sometimes but being here a lot more
think of many people who travel to LA to
see you yeah well we get a lot about the
Comedy Store man we got a lot we get a
lot of international tourists to people
that know that I'm not going to Ireland
so or I'm not going to Scotland so
they'll come here so you should do that
I'm sure I should but I know I'm not
going oh no I'm going but I'm saying you
should yeah LA I'm going to Ireland yeah
April 2020 yeah a guy would go but I
mean
I'm still doing a lot of shows but I'm
doing shows in LA to like I'm at the
Forum on October 4 on November 1st
fuck yeah boy 2 yeah um I'm still doing
like the regular shows I'm assuming you
know I'm assuming there won't be a
second wave of corona or some sort of
crying be fine man yeah that's a
brilliant idea the residency in LA
there's two Vegas Vegas sucks cock well
think about what I do with the Improv
and at the store or have this Joe Rogan
and Friends shows and you do them all
the time if you're two three times a
week yeah I think I'm a people that is
well that's what I'm saying like no one
else a lot of other guys aren't doing
that either
but you can do that could yeah so you do
I'm doing but that to me is like the
best way for me to stay sharp you're
definitely animal 45 minutes an hour how
many guys you know not your level who
are doing 45 most are just doing their
15-minute spot at the store at the
improv or factor you're a different
animal you got it
you got to do that though you have to
name one of the guy Joe's doing that um
I don't know go wait I'm not paying
attention but I am there's no one else
that does that like you well I do it
because I doing arenas you know and
you're doing an arena mountain you gotta
be and I've only started doing arenas
the last two years you got to be sharp
can't you can't be fucking around
there's 15,000 people paid money to hear
you talk I'm just constantly I've I've
worked harder this past year to like
wrap everything up than I ever have
would stand up yeah that's inspiring
makes me realize that there's more you
can get more out of it you can get more
you know you can put more work in and
get a little bit sharper more listening
to sets more writing more more thinking
you know it's more you know the thing is
like people expect you as a stand-up to
drop off after a while that's what a lot
of comics do their material drops off
they run out of things that are
interesting especially when they get
famous that's the problem they don't
relate to the to the average person also
they don't take as many chances no they
don't say is money because yeah you it's
different you know
yeah I get it it is what it is man you
know you're gonna gonna break a few eggs
but you're gonna make a lot of omelets
yeah I just meant I
soeul cruelty I think good thing I miss
the most besides going on the road miss
it so bad it's just hanging out with
seeing everybody I mean I Tex everybody
was just not the same is it no it's not
Joey I'd offer you this joint but I know
you don't wanna I'm good it's get really
weird if I not stop yeah Joey Joey just
calls so I spend a lot of time talking
to him yeah
but it's um it's not the same it's not
the same going to the store it's like
dude the party when we get back what is
that gonna be like we get back to the
store and everyone's at the back bar and
everyone's hanging out everyone's doing
shows again we're gonna be so thankful
because we it's never been taken away
before in the history of comedy there's
never been a time where you couldn't
perform never never I guess the only
time with La comics when there's the
strike right yeah but you could do the
road yeah not sure my guys were doing it
though there's like Leno doing the road
back down you'd be back then la those
guys weren't big enough names that's
interesting I wonder how many of our
comedy clubs were around back then cuz I
was into what the 70s or 80s 70s right
late 70s you had lemma Leno
do you read that book dying up here no
that's what the series was based off of
yeah but the series is real dark the
books makes it seem like it was a
fucking like the store was fun man do
you think the store was more fun than
more fun now you tell me dude you're you
know I don't know I don't know that I
don't know anything different like I
read those times I think back then it
was like a lot of guys were doing
stand-up to get TV shows or didn't
notice and now you have like a bunch
most of the top guys all they want to do
is be really good comics well you get
your freedom that way and you don't have
anybody telling you what to do and you
don't have to worry about so many
different things that you have to worry
about if you have a TV show TV shows you
have to worry about the other actors the
writing the network does it get picked
up does it this does it that a lot of
chefs in the kitchen so many things
outside of your control and you know if
you have a controversial controversial
Act a lot of times the network's don't
want you to do stand-up well apparently
they did that to Tim Allen when he had
that a home improvement show they told
him stop doing stand-up
yeah like stop it's me so much means
like I think Bob Saget - when he was
doing Full House he didn't do any
stand-up and you watch you stand I miss
surprise you're like Oh Dave's a dirty
boy
yeah dirty yeah it's a dirty boy and
people here can eat an of dirty I know
and you hear that you're like what I
know this is outrageous
yeah there's a there's a freedom to
stand up but it's also like I think more
people appreciate it as an art form now
whereas back then it was like it didn't
get respect it was a if you got respect
when you're on TV incorrect that's how
you made your nut and that's how you got
famous - yeah or a movie you were doing
movies you know now once you say it
stand up in podcasting yeah really
yeah well podcasting is right now it's
emerging as a different beast see before
people would joke about it there we go
what are you doing like Howard Stern
used to make fun of it
like why not just yell out your window
yeah what are you doing and you know but
he was coming from you got to think he's
a pioneer and radio and traditional
radio and he made his bones and radio
and he carved this path and radio and
then also this thing comes along where
anybody can do it that's a threat of a
threat it's a little bit of that but
it's also see in a way I understand his
perspective because in his day when he
made it he had to compete against all
these other killers alright so you got
all these other morning guys all over
the country and then when he goes
insyndicate so he'll invade Chicago he's
invading Los Angeles trying to take over
take it over but there was only a few
slots right so you couldn't he couldn't
listen to his show later you had to
listen to it then yep so everyone's
competing during these slots so you have
this slot that is 6 a.m. to 9 a.m.
that's drive time baby even now he
doesn't know podcast something like I
remember I used to listen to Howard for
a long time and probably like maybe a
year ago they brought up something
because he was shit on podcasting is do
podcasters even make money and one of
the guys got on there you know I forget
his cruise name because I think Joe
Rogan does he is I know but what not not
tons of money like it's not it's not set
I want to call Mike a longtime listener
first-time caller
mm-hm well doesn't matter what man I
just thought it was weird like dude you
still you still
don't give it respect like you shitting
me oh who do you think he's hanging
around with though you know his wife
yeah probably hang on his wife maybe a
few other really rich friends that are
probably famous I mean I don't know how
much you can't have your ear to the
ground being a guy on radio all the
fucking time it's almost impossible it's
almost impossible to keep it together
you know what bummed me out and again
I'm a huge Howard Stern fan I think you
and I think maybe I forget who sent it
to me by sense to you when Howard Stern
it released that to his employees he has
like a yearly like meeting with his
employees someone recorded it it makes
you feel so sick like oh fuck dude such
a bummer you realize how Hollywood is
you're all oh fuck dude mmm I think
people get seduced by it man I think
they do they get seduced by the idea of
you know what first of all
you need friends you need really good
friends that are like you that are in
your world I think one of the things
that separates us all of us as comics
from a rest of Hollywood's like goddamn
work glued to each other
yes we're glued and we shit on each
other and we laugh and we compliment
each other and we love each other we
call each other we tell each other we
love each other yeah 100% full support
it's different men it's different we're
a different thing and no one but also
it's not a dog-eat-dog know was trying
to help
dude when someone murders it everybody's
running out of that room telling
everybody that murdered it and when you
see Bill burr go onstage in the main
room and crush it you're coming out and
saying it and I'm coming out and saying
it and Cowan saying it we're all excited
like goddamn that was awesome what a set
holy shit and with telling people you
see Burke rush it oh my god he crushed
it you know there's a there's a love for
the art and a love for each other and
the the camaraderie like the the wanting
people to be good you realize like it
doesn't have to just be about you and
they didn't I don't think they I think
that's you know we're talking about
competition earlier we're talking about
Jordan enticing the crazies you know the
like that's Howard Stern when it comes
to radio man
you gotta realize that that's the
motherfucker that he he fucked them all
have you heard him up have you heard him
apologized for it the way he treated
some people yes I think one guy like
commit suicide he's like I felt bad for
that you know guess he would go in he
was like at that time that's what I had
to do well that's what he did right
whether he had to do it or not that's
what he did work no they don't like yeah
it did work and you felt like you had to
do and look he's also we have to
everything you have to look into you
gotta look in it with perspective and in
my head what Howard Stern is always
gonna represent is the guy who paved the
way yeah like without him you got to
realize there was nothing like Howard
Stern before Howard Stern that what
didn't exist
you had Don Imus who's kind of risque
and then here comes this really tall
long-haired rock and roll type dude it
doesn't give a fuck and he just wants to
have porn stars on and girls were riding
vibrators and people are farting songs
and the microphones it's madness and
he's getting sued by the government man
so that the government that they're
coming down with these huge judgments
against the company that owns it
and he keeps going and he keeps going
podcasts all are you know patrice used
to say like Patrice you say about other
comics that like Dave Attell David tells
got a lot of babies and what he meant is
that there's a lot of other comics that
would imitate Dave Attell they would do
it just out of the fact that they were
fans and they were insecure and they're
doing they're not they're not
plagiarists they just were not that good
yet when I was young man I sounded I
used to sound exactly like Richard Jeni
really heard myself on stage when I'd
been doing an open I caught myself doing
like a bad Richard Jeni impression with
my material when I was like 21 or
something like a 22 like oh my god I'm
terrible because I was such a Richard
Jeni fan at the time that I was like
mimicking him on stage not purpose a lot
of comics do it man we find that our
selves doing it with different acts I
find myself and some time copying
a lot of mannerisms like Brian or D'Elia
because you're around them all those are
my I'm molded by that so that's my
normal yeah
but then eventually like you break out
of it and you become your own thing yeah
we gotta all realized that what Howard
Stern did before anybody was he created
this radio chaos they created this chaos
we had these these people those wack
Packers were out of their fucking minds
and he would interview them and and talk
to all these nice fucking people that
was the first one then remember yet
celebrities on but he wasn't like oh
how's your movie bike who he fucking
yeah and then they went answer it but
then he'd circle back down somehow get
it out of the suit it was a different
world back then the world was different
and and he made it possible for people
to talk the way we talk and then Opie
and Anthony were the next important
phase because would Opie and Anthony
where we're a hang where as Howard is
the man behind the switchboard and
Howard is in control was in his users
with Opie and Anthony people would just
show up like I'd be on the air and it
would be like four or five other comics
there and we would we would love it and
Jim Jim notices all the time all the
time Jim was a regular he's so talented
he's he's one of the more unique comics
ever he's a very interesting guy I love
Jim his love of transsexuals and how he
just sees the way talks he's just so
honest and raw but would open Anthony
were the first loose hang you know it's
like Anthony would kind of be
orchestrating it a little bit where he
like keeping everybody making sure you
know keeping an eye on everything making
sure it didn't get out of hand and then
Anthony is this very he's a guy who grew
up doing construction and and that's
literally how he got into radio but it's
also very intelligent very inquisitive
so he's got like a regular guy
sensibility but he's also very fucking
smart yeah and then he would have you
have all these comics and then Norton
who's a great comic himself would be
there they'd be Colin Quinn and
and bill burr and me and shafir and all
this madness man it was nothing like
that really now nan radio on a radio but
that's what made podcasts become what
they are because like those guys let
comics just hang out and talk no one had
ever let comics just hang out and run
the show before Opie and Anthony so the
big steps to podcasting where Howard
Stern is the most important and then
after Howard Stern these are Howard
Stern's babies Howard Stern's babies are
like Opie and Anthony where Howard
Stern's babies but they became their own
thing just like a comic would imitate
Dave Attell when he's a young guy and
then as he gets older he finds his own
speed and there's a lot of comics right
now that are like top level guys that I
bet if you watched them 10 15 years ago
they would sound a lot like someone else
and then Opie and Anthony opened up the
door to podcasting because they made
comics where they could just hang and
then everyone's got their own style like
Ron Funches has his own style Eric
Griffin has his own style you and Brian
have your own style Theo's got his
completely yoona style all of us have
these different things Segura's got his
style christina pazsitzky and him
together have their style Segura and
Kreischer crisis got to stop our ego to
style Burton Bird yes I have a great
podcast too but it's just like the world
is more bountiful than it was back then
it's not like Bert and burr are
competing against Bert well I mean what
if Bert's show was one was run by one
production company but Bert and Bert
were run by a different they're both
gonna be at noon and you have to listen
to one of the other and Bert and burro
in this fucking argument you've traitor
you know you were you was lost together
a fuck you and who you know now they're
gonna take us out of noon you know yeah
that's that's that was what they had to
deal with it was a totally different
dynamic now it's a totally it's like we
were trapped in these tunnels fighting
for air and pop and we got to the top of
the tunnel and there's all the air you
want it's free air free air you could
just put up a podcast put up a video put
up put up a make a video make a sketch
you do with your sketch can do whatever
do you want and then it might get seen
by a million P
like that fucking coronavirus song that
i reposted on my Instagram those dudes
are hilarious how many millions have use
did that get millions and millions of
views so these guys they create this
coronavirus song they paid it's on my
Instagram who are the who the gentleman
that I mean I got a couple people saying
that they've also created the song first
or whatever I don't know who robbed but
whoever those dudes were hilarious and
it got millions and millions of views
there's nothing from 20 years ago 30
years ago where a regular guy could do
something and by itself would get
millions and millions of views but today
if you see some shit that's really funny
and you sent it to me and I send it to
Jamie and it just starts going if that's
what happens it goes through people
these dudes I'm seeing like four million
six hundred eighty-five thousand six
hundred forty four views on my Instagram
alone can we play it or no no I hope I'm
sure they had the it's their song but
it's yeah it's Reggie Reggie baby - and
somehow or another
he's got he's doing so well that he's
got fake Instagram sites where people
pretend they're him but all this shit is
funny all this shit is just they're
doing sketches so these are Chicago
based guys it's just funny dudes in
Chicago that are hustling and they're
constantly making content constantly
they have new videos up all the time and
who else is on him his Instagram that
video just go to it so we could see it
the other guys the other one is Stix
XS STI X underscore 808 and then funny
man Kaitlyn GA itl i N and then laid
three those are the dudes who did it and
then Vinny Pazienza box-cutter posi who
was has been on the podcast before I
found it on his Instagram so I reposted
his but it's but imagine that 30 years
ago or one one dude can make something
and it could go to something like you
know Instagram we're in this case three
or four dudes could do it and go to
something Instagram then also
millions of people are singing it
laughing and it's hilarious oh but even
even think with Burt and Burt that okay
we want to do a show think of the 80s or
90s you'd have to pitch it to network
right have them approve it
yeah they bring in rioters you're
looking at how long would that take to
evolve into a legit show they seem
greenlit then get a pilot then test well
yeah no no chance yeah we'd also people
would start fucking with it they would
come in bur I want you to address
different I want you to dress I want you
to once like Sinatra I see you people
taking you more seriously if you were
gonna save custom too much bird can you
tone it down you seem aggressive imagine
if I went to a production company and
said yeah what I want to do is like
smoke weed and talk about shit and say
things I don't really mean but I think
it's funny at the time that I regret it
and I drink a lot oh and then we're
gonna air the fight we're gonna smoke
weed and we're gonna talk shit but but
also I'm gonna have presidential
candidates a really sick show and
scientists and me a guy with brain
damage I'm gonna debate it important to
everybody back out of this office well
when Brian and I wrapped Fox they they
want to make it a TV show like a legit
TV show remember that Mouse dude dude I
remember when they were telling you to
not curse yes and I was like get out now
I remember yelling at you they're like
vampires they're trying to bite you
they're trying to turn you remember me
and Brian in that meeting cost and I was
like this is what but meanwhile they
liked you because of who you were before
they came along and before they came
along you were cussing and then they
want to do a sport they didn't know what
to do is then I went do a sport show us
then they brought me in and go they go
they go so we know what to find the kid
what if we really what if we replays
Brian count with Michael Rapaport no yep
they want to get rid of Brian mmm-hmm
Wow it's because he's all because of his
haircut because it's old and you just
talk shit or what is it the way a dress
is because I can fix that that's great
what a bunch of dummies this is this is
great let's fuck it up and this thing
that I really like
ruin it but then they they're like wait
they're making how much money and we'd
signed another now so I hate next year
the deals up in December
we're gonna need half and I went oh
that's not happening all right well
December's you last last month and I
think we're in October I go that's fine
we're gonna go do our own thing and take
all the money there okay
and then I never forget this goes I
don't hear about the second podcast just
right out December and I can't do that
dude I look the listener no I'm leaving
he was don't do that no all right cool
next day I go in the pockets of so in
December our contracts up still and half
our shit I tried going back the next day
and with their security out front they
wouldn't let me in Rios my last day at
Fox really you know let me just start
doing it Brandon way back well that's
the real clear changing of the guard
we're that old school mentality they
think that they own the talent they
think they owned you the idea that they
think they have 50% just like that but
what are you doing what are you doing
the guy gets I'll never forget this guy
gets my face cast the guy get to my face
I don't wanna say his name he goes just
how you have your black belt and
fighting on my black belt in the
entertainment team I would I would fall
on the ground and start curling up in a
fetal position laughing how's it going
no idea what you're referring to
you know how to rob people out of the
percentage that they really deserve like
what are you bringing to that's that's I
thought I went fit if you can show me
why you guys did a 50% I'll give you 50
go here's well it's our studio you know
Fox it Fox gives you the platform no no
no hold up we had a platform before even
got here I can do this up the street
when you get more views dude what now
why would you get 50% he's a guy I don't
know man there's no reason I had a guy
not that long ago asked for 50% of my
podcast to be a part of a network not
that long ago yeah damn my four years
ago maybe I was like what are you
talking about 50%
well even now like certain comics want
to start podcasts go hey this network
podcast one came to me they want 50% but
they think you miss - I want no no stop
stop don't do that Do It Yourself
that's a weird number like you're
pretending that they couldn't do
without you if you want 50% 50% is like
if you and me right if it's the Brendan
and Joe show what kind of has to be 50%
cuz it's both of us right so it's like
there's two of us yes so you're part
show umph our show we need each other
with the Guerra together should be 50%
then we're friends it should be a good
two percent but we could do it with Tom
the producer or we could do with Steve
the network you this isn't you guys
don't matter so you can't have 50
percent maybe you should definitely
deserve something 5050 is crazy it's
insane that's crazy that's a crazy
number that means you're saying I
couldn't do without you that does that
doesn't make any sense but that's what
they used to do with TV shows you gotta
realize if you're thinking about Hawaii
five-o like the production company has a
deal with the network and they put it
together and everybody gets paid and the
people that are putting it on television
have a giant chunk of that that's the
studio executives networking seconds you
go to their houses their big fucking
parties dude I'd go to some of their
houses man they'd have parties and you'd
be like wow these guys solid but what
are they doing what are they doing but
they're they're taking your stuff and
they're the critical mechanism that is
necessary to get you on television
well now the world is television our
heads are through the fucking holes and
now we're looking out this open air
there's no need for someone to take 50
percent anymore knowing that people
won't give a fuck it's on Fox HP they
don't see always operated and those
those those fans of subscribers or
whatever network they're gonna follow me
if I'm here if I'm here they here they
don't get it though these guys went
through the Fox system people went
through the ABC system they went through
the CBS system and in if they were in
that system 20 years ago this was the
system the system's you make deals you
put together shows you're getting it on
the air it's clear you're giving me
you're giving your very valuable it's a
very important thing to if you got on
CBS back in you know 2000 change it was
a very important thing so it made sense
the deal made sense but it doesn't make
sense on the Internet the internet is
everybody's it's like everybody has a
CBS like these gentlemen who
made that video on the coronavirus they
they they don't have a network they
don't need they don't need it all it has
to do is get to one of these but also if
it's good he has to be tagging their
video they made a video I believe of his
song okay this is GMA see cache GM ace
GMAC cash and he's Detroit's finest so
he so he made the original song for sure
I believe so okay
once again that's gm8 column right now
so you hear great avatar pick by the way
yeah full body and feeling of that
what's up with the avatars I don't know
text someone all of a sudden they send
you back would you like to update your
contact picture I know some weird avatar
I don't what is that what's happening
here why are people losing their mind
why are you sending me a picture of you
yeah I don't need a picture seaman AK
cache to find him yeah 74 thousand
followers yeah right now he has 74,000
he's blow him up though he has a video
his own video of that song and it only
happen it's the same song this is him
can you hear it what's happening you
have no sound
looks like he's saying the same words oh
he's the original that's it
that's the song okay so it's he's the
original he's the he's the guy movie
song and then those other boys took and
just blew it up I had a great dance
routine though the hell he did something
to add it a little great video they're
jumping around spraying like zombies and
dudes are doing backflips somebody set
for babes they did something yeah it's
good but they do a bunch of shit that's
this is their coronavirus video so just
riding around spraying it great shoes
yeah but you know this is one of those
things that happens sometimes like you
don't know who the fuck made a video
someone sends it to you you don't know
who made a song someone says to you you
add it on things fun meant with that
that's like what's going on with tick
tock like someone makes a great video
and then everyone else kind of jumps on
that trend taking that sound
there was a video I saw just yesterday
or two days ago about the government
telling all government employees not
have tick tock on their government
issued cellphones why because it's a
issue well they think it's a security
issue it's a Chinese company to talk
yeah and someone made some really
grandiose statement like tick top is
like a government operative application
or something like that never know yeah
it's like that it's like some sort of
fucking espionage tool you read that
Charles Manson book I'm Tony now that's
what got me into conspiracy the US
Army's ban tik-tok from use on
government phones reversing its policy
on the entertainment app which it
recently used as a recruiting tool what
the fuck the army used tik-tok they've
doing like army dances and their own
video game to recruit people yeah I know
army does yeah they had a reality show
that a buddy of mine was filming Oh sick
yeah so but there was also it was there
was another company that was saying that
it was dangerous you know Google did
something like that recently here goes
tick-tock band
tick-tock super one was the Senators
want it gone - yeah that's senators want
a band
tick-tock from government phones Tech
Talks for younger kids right I'm not on
there not anymore
well a lot of people are on it now but
the point is like we if you have an app
like that and say some shady person
makes that app who knows of that apps
turn on the microphone Oh
listening to you all the time you know
dude there's so many times where you'll
talk about something and then you see
that thing you talked about mentioning
your Google ads and you're like what the
hell yeah dude like if we'll talk about
Porsches or those knives fans to send me
screenshots of like dude I will share
podcasts then I want to go search the
web and I got this ad it's like a
Porsche or the knives or the whiskey
yeah thanks for 80 minutes it's way too
much influence on us we have to like
take back our personal sovereignty or
mental sovereignty there's so many
influences on us all the time and
there's nothing wrong with them
sometimes like advertising there's
nothing wrong with advertising sometimes
but sometimes it makes you think like
man how much is this changing the way I
look yeah I I think what's scary is to
how the most disciplined people I know
who are addicted to their phones like
man this thing yes it's more addicting
than any drug any alcohol any I mean the
cellphone the most disciplined people I
know I'll see him on their cell phones
like fuck I know it's so disappointing
guilty as charged me too
yeah I have an addict folder on my phone
where my Twitter my Instagram and my
Instagram repost thing is all in one
folder says addict all capital letters
and you still go to it right still click
on it once a day at least yeah way
better than I used to be but still every
now and then but sometimes it's also
it's a the problem is to that there's a
mixture of business stuff that I have to
do like I get emails and I have to
respond to important things but then
while I'm on the phone I'm like hmm
let's see what's on YouTube - we'll see
what silly videos there are probably
like what UFC news is there click on
Twitter and that's where I get all my
news yeah click on it wake up and then
you have a thought and you Google that
thought and then you go down a rabbit
hole like motherfucker and then someone
will send me something cool and I click
on that oh my god damn there's so much
content right now has never never been a
time where this think about what a
better time it is entertainment wise to
be quarantined well think if we're
quarantined in the 90s oh my god you'd
be fucked what are you gonna watch back
in those blockbuster days
blockbusters is closed I think do you
know I was having a conversation with my
wife about this last night and she's
like I think theaters are done and I
might get brought up to him just before
this would Dave small potential because
there are lots of different companies
that could do it they could maybe open
up like maybe 50 people and you just
separated by two chairs or something
maybe that's a movie yeah I think they
think movie theaters are done too in
that Apple TV has opened up the door
during this quarantine to get new movies
and patrols hits Friday my sons crunk is
fuck for it they had a bunch of new
movies that we're supposed to come out
in the movie James Bond got pushed back
to November I don't think they should
push him back I think that's a mistake
I think they should release those
bitches and make all their money listen
but still everyone is watching now
everyone if they come out with a badass
James Bond film we'd be all over and
everybody text their friend dude this
fucking new James Bond movies this shit
Daniel Craig better be James Bond is ejp
us any I think it's the new DB 11 in it
listen if you're gonna have a female
James Bond or whatever nonsense you
gonna do that so fucked out of my face
please make it double oh nine yeah blow
eight double oh seven son keep Jay
Daniel Craig is the greatest James Bond
of all time
better than Sean Connery he's the best
100% all of them can eat shit shit no
disrespect sir she's the only one I
believe I don't believe he's really
kicking anybody's ass I believe Daniel
Craig is fucking people I believe he's
shooting people he's the only one I
believe the only one that means a lot
Pierce Brosnan how dare you wonderful
man that's wonderful man I don't he was
Goldeneye the greatest game of all time
I don't believe him as amazing actor
he's a beautiful man
I don't believe him as a murderess
you're a English fucking spy character I
believe Daniel Craig fucks people up
come on son the guy on the right is the
real deal he's got out like a face that
looks like he's been punched 150 times
right he's a man's man I'll do the
original far left come on son eat some
shit
eat it eat it this one guy Daniel Craig
they're gonna eat shit elbow was gonna
be bond I'll buy that I'd buy that
really I don't care if bonds black it's
but it has to be a bad motherfucker and
a Juris elbows a legitimate bad
motherfucker i man have you ever heard
of who's the guy who does the Trevor
knows bit on a black James Bond now it's
so fucking funny
why don't they have it be look Trevor
Noah talked about it it's like where's
he gonna hide he has a hole bits so
fucking good that's fun yeah Daniel
Craig is it's right now as of right now
he's the best ever he's the only one I
believe but I believe if they had a
similar movie with Idris Elba I believe
that too I'd buy that a legit Muay Thai
fight as a professional actor any movie
started a legit Muay Thai fight yeah
training guide was paid off to take a
fall but you know I hear you I like yeah
that's the rumor that the romance the
room without so I would say I think the
opponent came out was like you know they
paid me take it fall right but if that
beautiful man beat my ass I probably say
that to me - you're so charming kicks
your ass - embarrassing you might have
to tell people you took a fall don't
believe you you took a fall first of all
if you say you took a fall you might be
even telling the truth but you're the
type of person that's willing to take a
fall so I can never believe yeah I know
your skin's not that many people because
people like Anthony Smith that won't win
the World title versus John Jones by
disqualification because they have
character and then there's people who
take dives so if you're the type of
people who takes a dive how am I gonna
believe you any was shit
how am I gonna believe you anyway I
think it just Alba fucked you up
probably I think I think scar fucked you
up
I think double-o ate fucked you wait let
me say I think you fucked you up you
don't like it do I don't think movie
theatres gonna be dead because I think
everyone likes the the experience of
leaving the house right but they like
blockbuster - it's great you get to go
out of the house you pick whatever you
want do a little flirty you know that
you're not really gonna watch the movie
cuz you plan on deep dicking right get
this Red Vine you let them pick some
stupid movie that you never go watch
some Reese Witherspoon
we pawn to like yeah yeah yeah the dogs
so cute come on let's get out of here
you're thinking of the mauling you're
gonna do I never forget my mom so wild
I'll never forget when we get to the
front and like you you have late fees of
$275 oh my god they fees were brewed all
my mom would like can we just listen
let's just get through this and then
we'll be back next week and we'll pay
and she would never pay it late fees
were brutal brutal we just keep the
fucking movie you know what else is
brutal does a little mom-and-pop little
fucking ones that had the porno section
you had to kick open like the outdoor
Josey Wales yeah they had to had the
little the curtains you know the Outlaw
Josey Wales when you always kick open
those saloon doors yes that's what Joey
Diaz is famous right were the one of
those biggest references he's always
talking about kicking open saloon doors
like The Outlaw Josey Wales but they
always had beads they always had desert
sons do you remember those I've met
curtains you're you're a lot younger
than me how old do you now 37 yeah but
there was a video Stuart and I don't
never forget this Toby you were you
looking at the porn section of the
manual sneaking around 10 or 11 just a
peek back there because they were velvet
like crushed velvet maroon open those
beads and people would hear the crack of
your pervertedness those beads are
saying they were sending out a Morse
code Shh I'm jerking off and you all
like pass each other
no one would be friendly no one to make
eye contact so weird just picking up
boxes looking at him like you're like
you look like you're reading the plot on
the bags was so stupid man it was so
stupid but also fantastic there's none
of that now it's a it was a weird time
where like everybody knew that everybody
else watched porn too so we're like yeah
yeah yeah I know Mike what's up and then
you know maybe Deb's like if you have
good friends good friends would tell
each other they beat off there's a lot
of guys out there lying to each other oh
I don't even like porn
shit dude magazine magazine jacking off
to magazine throat jacking off in the
forest to magazine I used to have a bit
that I I never wanted uh putting this on
a special like I wrote it and I
performed it then it like my special was
too long I think it was triggered or one
of the other ones but it I had a whole
bit about when I was a kid we would find
porn in the forest clips some dudes who
were so scared he's so scared of the
fact they beat off they have to hide
their shit in the wood oh my god if they
go to the you should release that bit
like a body just redo it I should just
read and release it yeah because I I
think it the problem the problem is
sometimes I get on a subject and I do
too much on that subject I might have
had too many jerking off jokes holiness
nothing off joke yeah fucking but you
have to if you're doing a whole special
and you have 20 tighten up your ship but
that's a thing like that back then you
know it was it never existed before so
when I was a kid when I was in high
school that's when the VHS tape became
common in households in my neighborhood
at least I don't remember what the year
was they invented the VHS type VHS tape
but I remember the first time I ever saw
TV on a thing that you could push into
the television and watch it and play it
and then people figured out that this is
a good way to watch people fuck
he went from freshman in high school
nobody watched people fuck to senior
high school my friends were like he's
stealing tapes from their dads and
buying them off other dudes was phases
of death big when you were yes that was
hot that was just after high school yes
just after high school you had faces of
death and then there was also shit like
barnyard Betty where there was this this
poor fetal alcohol syndrome baby that
grew up to be a fucked up lady who was
on drugs
is having sex with all these different
barnyard animals oh my god and so I
I was at my friend Billy's house and we
went down to his basement watching TV
and our other friend Ron is guarding the
door he's making sure that opens up the
door for parents so he's gonna he's like
look out at the door while we're
watching this chick suck off a German
Shepherd oh my god this is crazy because
you know we were like 20 or something
like that and we couldn't believe that
to any 20 year old kid if you said you
know that there's ladies and if you pay
him enough - suck off dogs they're like
what they'll feel like ah but they'd be
like duh yeah yeah here's a whole reddit
fuckin sub threat I know ready a
subreddit dedicated entirely to chicks
who blow dogs some VCR was released in
1977 in the United States faces of death
came out the next year and then in 1985
on a mathematics teacher showed it to
his class in Escondido high school do
you get fired
two of the students were so traumatized
natural fear of dying and suffering
emotional distress yeah yeah I couldn't
watch that one it wasn't the other thing
is how much of it was real though it's a
good question I'd have to see it now and
what I'm sure what you to say the the
VHS was invented 7677
so I was uh in I was in ninth grade in
1981 that was my first year as a high
school student so that was like right
when that was kind of kicking in when
you know when it was getting you know
when a new invention like a thing that
you can play tape and you could watch
movies in your house that should take
took a year or two back that oh yeah
just spread across Betamax was the year
and a half for it cuz VCR took off in
Japan and says this says Betamax came
out in 1975 yeah yeah we're the first
mean is VHS yeah VHS was inferior to
Betamax but Betamax was a Sony product
and it was it was only Sony so was you
you had to only use their stuff right
and apparently was way better and
smaller they fucked up with mini disc
you know there fuk they've had that
problem a few times your Sony hater one
a few times discman and like
the r2 was the first one it was pop open
on top yeah you went put it straight in
and pop up top and then he put in bro I
remember we go to the gym and dudes
would have a disc hand on their hip yes
a big yellow plastic thing where the CD
would sit in and they'd be at the gym
lift and bike how cool that guy looks
like he's got his own music hell yeah
they called the skip protection ESP
because it looked at that and wouldn't
forget and that was a big deal skip
wouldn't skip it you could shake it when
skip I remember when they first figured
out how to do that in cars I was like
God they nailed it because before if you
were driving in your car and you hit a
bump your fucking music would ruin we
didn't fuck the song it was basically
your driving around at a record player
but they did have a record player for a
car even before that they had record
players for cars in like the 50s well
record like a 78 really I know yeah yeah
see if you can find that we've talked
about this before record players in cars
it was really old I want to see what
they didn't know what to do there was
some for being quarantined just
basically were quarantined yeah that's
what they're doing what kind of life was
that living in the 20s
Romero all the CDs you have there all
the stuff that you'd have up the black
case and be full remember those things
you have those towers that's way pricey
for a player though that works a Philips
record player for your car but but what
year did they invent it oh look at that
guy's car look at that lower look at
that right there
look at that black with my picture that
gets get a fucking holy fuck that's
Muhammad Ali holy fuck holy shit he had
a record player in his car he's got
stacks of records there too
the other thing is we don't know if
that's photoshopped I know who that's
that's what's real weird but here's
where real weird
in the future you're gonna be able to do
like a regular person
it's gonna be able to do whatever they
want what do you mean with it with with
CGI with photo good we'll do whatever
the attending like we don't know if like
if you got a one of those of Daniel
Craig or John Lennon John Lennon's
driving around with a record player and
yeah his Cadillac I don't know if that's
real today today I don't know but in the
future getting people to watch a video
well you won't know if the video have
you seen they've been a you guys could
be on that easily say on so many chicks
do me chicks like people have like taken
my face yeah and put on their body
especially when ridiculous like workout
selfies at a clerk working out little
sweaty I feel pumped people put them on
chicks faces well have you seen like the
deep fakes they do it with porno well
they have like huge celebrities huh
looks pretty fucking real man it looks
pretty real but here's the thing man CGI
is gonna replace all that they're gonna
be able to do that with computer
programs where you don't need to just
put it on an existing video you can do
the whole thing artificially the whole
thing
they'll probably it'll be like
Squarespace like Squarespace has
templates for websites in the website
they're gonna have templates for porn
like what do you want to do you want to
be a tennis instructor and it's gonna be
a dude and then it's gonna be he's gonna
just go in there and you're gonna have
whatever girl you want you want to you
want to fuck meg Ryan okay it's gonna be
Meg Ryan that's nuts
yeah it's gonna who want probably get
rid of the actor cuz they'll be able to
put that in movies whoever you want yeah
you want a 1990 Salma Hayek yeah so you
you get to hear her voice you get to see
her face like there's gonna be crazy
lawsuits where people are trying to stop
people from using their face and their
artificial body in porn and the
arguments are going to be that it's art
you're gonna you can't stop freedom of
expression you've got people name and
likeness yeah but it's not if it's a
painting of someone here's the thing
right if I take you and I paint you you
can't sell it this is what I hear you
yes I think so I think if someone paints
me and they sell
I don't have any say in that that I'm a
public figure they're painting mean
they're selling it now what if they
paint me and it's so realistic then it
looks exactly like me and I got a dick
in my mouth and they're selling it you
can't don't they're gonna do anything so
let's keep going let's keep going what
if instead of paint they do a digital
photograph so they make a photograph
with a computer of me it looks just like
me doing something I've never done
before robbing a bank like running out
of there with a bag of cash and a pistol
in my hand thing that never existed it's
not a pre-existing photograph where they
just superimposed my face it's a
completely new image
how is that not a piece of art I think
it is so why wouldn't it be like
especially it's gonna be disturbing for
female celebrities what what if it's you
in a in a KKK Alfa could be you in
anything it could be you with a giant
vagina giving birth
Bill Clinton that was a real painting
that was a painting in Jeff know how
crazy this epstein story is and Jeffrey
Epstein's house in New York City which
was 70 million dollars worth 70 million
someone gave him what he gave it to him
okay whatever I have friends I get it
he's got a painting of Bill Clinton in a
dress pointing at him that's Hillary
Clinton's dress well whoever's dress it
is it's Bill Clinton but it might have
been Monica Lewinsky dress is it the
same one that Hillary won it could be so
weird but that was in his living room
it's so weird so in his living room he
had a painting of Bill Clinton dressed
up like a woman I think he had that
George Bush one - have you seen that
it's almost like they held stuff over
these guys to the point where they could
humiliate they're mocking them so if
that guy came you like if bill came over
to his house he would see that he would
see like you're my bitch fuck you're my
bitch I don't care if you the former
president you're my bitch I still don't
think he'd show you the videos I still
don't think he committed suicide of
course you know because he didn't yeah
first of all and that's not what do you
think Jamie I'm not like a big
conspiracy get Michael badan that
fucking guy from that HBO autopsy
Topsy series yeah he talks about it like
in depth he's like no these are injuries
consistent with someone who's been
choked the way it's also the position of
the cut it's all lower like when you you
hang yourself it goes up like that this
is down there so much choking this
motherfucker off hey I think Harvey
Weinstein's the next to go
is too much shit yeah we talked about
this yesterday right denied it with
Michael Shermer who did I talk about
this with with Lex was it Michael
what'd he say I don't know Mom I've
heard that argument before but I think
that he's got more to lose than he does
to gain cuz if he says something like
yeah all those Hollywood starlets they
all suck my dick and that's how they got
famous it sort of reinforces he was a
monster that he was a monster but also
shows they were playing the game they
were playing the game but that games
illegal and so the whole reason why he's
in jail for the rest of his life is
because that games legal but he's
already in there so if he goes hey I'm
not on this monster Jimmy like this
celebrity she did this with me for years
who this Jeffery Epstein's Hollywood
pipeline ran straight to Harvey
Weinstein well I would make up a bunch
of stories about aliens now that
Harvey's in the pokey probably for the
rest of his life if I ran some of them
dubious websites all day shit I would
start writing the most ridiculous
stories I am related to someone who a
proposition by Harvey Weinstein said he
could make her a star yeah sounds like
your cousin was a dumbass no it was in
Ohio she had no idea do your research
girl was there no Google back in this
fucking it might have been actually
Shane time she could have been fucking
Wonder Woman you waiting back in the day
Wonder Woman he made people famous
Whitney Cummings talks about it she has
a really funny way of putting it she
like well guy I always told the truth he
did he really did it for him like if he
told me she sucked my dick I'm gonna put
you in this movie they were in the movie
we're in the movie and that was his
reputation like wow crazy but then again
how does a guy like him ever fuck at ten
bipedally movies i put them in movies
and you imagine how stunned he must have
been like with imagine you're banging
like some of the most famous hottest
women in the world and you're you're
this monster look you look terrible you
look terrible
you look like an experiment right
he was so vile doesn't he have Corona
pretty sure they gave spell had a
fucking hilarious take on that he goes
very few dudes we look at him ago oh
yeah he rapes that belly room comedy
special that he did it was Walker God
it's so crazy
he's so foul looking but if a guy like
him like grew up in that Hollywood
system that's probably he's probably you
know like a really extreme version of
how they all did it okay yeah he's not
the first one know that cat did the
casting couch is an expression for a
reason correct it was real it's a huge
porno channel to this day I mean but in
but we know that that happened right
it's yeah it's gross uh-huh 100% I'm not
I'm not endorsing it I'm just saying we
know it of it as a historical reality
you know just like we know barbarians
used to be real we know as a historical
reality the casting couch was a real
thing
Gotti's file he's got everything he's
got pock marks he's fat he's balding
nothing is gonna roast look and he
doesn't look compassionate it doesn't
look friendly it's all those things
Billy in a small dick but it's also it's
like there's just like fucking vortex of
things that are happening everything's
all happening together and this guy
figured out that there's a system and if
you get people attention to make up
families and you can make a lot of money
if you make good choices and you're
smart around how you do it and you
control your addiction just enough to
keep making movies whoa he's with a
bunch of young
Starlights he just looks like yeah
complete shit just monster what do you
do if you're one of those gals I want to
be in the movie I could be a girlfriend
oh dude shut
didn't you have a bit about it yeah well
I had a bit about my son
I said differently but if I was if I was
a man like it was me and it was my
daughter you know like every man in this
room like every person's room and that
guy propositioned my daughter and
offered her money in exchange or offered
her sex her giving him sex to be count
will change for a movie I'd be like no
I'd want to kick his ass I want to fuck
him on to kill him I forgot the bet but
what breaking news liking some fighters
I don't like this suspense yo see 249
has been cancelled all UFC events
postponed indefinitely due to kovat 19
Dana White says he's ready to promote
the event but things were taken out of
his control much much more to come the
government stepped in on it you ain't
doing shit that's interesting that's
interesting well that saves me a lot of
fuckin thinking fuck damn I was 75%
ready to go you were gonna do it the
only thing that worried me is that if I
contracted something and then I came in
contact with other people so what I was
gonna do is do it if I definitely could
get tested and then I would have to know
the results before I come back
it's fuckin even then you don't know the
testing was a little dicey like it some
people saying there's a new type of test
that they're working on what is that
they don't have it officially done yet I
guess but when I was reading stuff about
the NBA it said that they have a
potential like instant test right like
maybe a diabetic type test we can prick
finger get a little blood and they can
get something within five to ten minutes
I believe that also said it was
hypothetical and like if they can get
that done or get it
mass-produced or whatever it is yeah and
it works and it's accurate then they
will proceed but I'm so disappointed
dude there's an article in the Atlantic
about tracking you with cellphones and
tracking you in comparison to trusted
people that have tested negative like
that that that could be the way that we
could release people from quarantine and
this is good we're gonna go full Eddie
Bravo what's up my best dude because if
you have to have something you have to
have your phone on you to travel like
apparently they have to do and I think
it's in China right oh they have their
phone to travel and they have a health
app on their phone but sort of like they
have to keep their health app up-to-date
there's one on every iPhone already yeah
but I think this is a different kind of
it's not you know it's a different kind
of thing that like you have to have like
you have to been certified that you
tested clean for co vid and then it's on
your phone digital certificate or so
right so yeah yeah something like that
I'm fine with that and that to you can't
be because then they can restrict your
travel just based on whether if you're
sick though but yeah but but here's the
thing we've always just accepted that
people can be sick and we prefer freedom
over a hundred percent safety we've
always accepted they're not doing that
now child we're not doing that now but
my point is we've always accepted that
and if we decide to keep going further
down that rabbit hole where we make
someone carry a device where you can
track their location you have to have a
travel it's scary
it gets weird man it gets weird you have
to have a phone and I have to be able to
see what you've been up to what have you
been partying all night and you go to
the airport they're like I think you
have cancer like no no no I just had
coke high blood pressure go back to see
my family please Denny's yeah I just I'm
trying to go home I want to go home
sleeping for three days yeah and they're
like you're sick we need to quarantine
you
but this that's a poor example just for
humor but there's a slippery road if you
tell people they have to have a phone
everywhere they go right now you don't
you could have a driver's license and/or
a passport and you can get on a plane
and you're fine you don't have to have a
phone you don't have to have a phone
right now and I'm not saying you
shouldn't have a phone but I'm saying if
someone's gonna tell you that you have
to have a phone everywhere you go things
are going to get slippery but what what
are they gonna be able to track you 100%
but what if it's just like like the way
you scan your boarding pass well if you
scan to make sure you're healthy but
that's the problem is this kind of that
they don't track you look but think
about all Google has done and it's not a
knock on Google but all Google has done
with basically just the information that
they give to companies on what your
activities are right there's a reason
the reason why when you're talking about
things and these Google ads pop up why
is that why when you look up something
you find those ads in everything what's
cuz they're trying to tell you things
right they're trying to figure out their
modern what you're looking at yeah yeah
trying to figure out what makes you tick
why wouldn't they do that with this -
well I wouldn't like if they if you
could track people if you could track
who's gonna pay for all that software
and all that stuff like well we'll just
put a few ads up would you rather be
quarantined imagine would you rather be
quarantine but imagine if you could
track people if they could go everywhere
and while while they're doing their like
you know everything they do you know
they went to this grocery store you know
they went to this house you check it you
gave our app on them that they can't
leave behind that checks their health
it's dicey it's dicey it's there should
never be a group that has more power
over an individual rather than another
individual it's not like like the thing
about having a massive group that can
tell one person that they can or can't
do something is it can be abused if
everyone is even it can never be abused
if we all follow the same rules on the
same laws then okay we all agree we all
have the same amount of control and
power over each other's lives but as
soon as you have
more control than the person who you're
monitoring then things can get weird
it's just natural people are weird
they control people they like
controlling people they like abusing
power a lot of people that have power
abuse power so if you give the power of
constant surveillance in exchange for
the freedom to be able to go everywhere
you want and the relieving of quarantine
we just want to know you're healthy no
big deal you're like okay yeah well let
you out if you let us model her to you
that's what's going on it's not that
they thought this through and this was
their end goal I don't think so I don't
think it's a fucking conspiracy that's
what I know I think people take
advantage of things that happen right
that's more likely what's more likely as
a crazy thing happens and people
automatically take advantage when they
find an opportunity especially the more
predatory amongst us so it's not like
we're we're just looking out for human
nature it's human nature to you like
when you look at the stuff that Edward
Snowden found out about the NSA like of
course they would if they could they're
going he's gonna do it they're gonna
find a way it's human nature it's just
how we are man dude I want to know who
shut down UFC 249 cuz we know how
adamant Damien is supposed to happen
April 18th has been cancelled Dana White
confirmed oh wow he was asked to stand
down by top Disney ESPN executives and
he is doing so damn thinking the power
at Disney hey Dana let's shut it down
well I think they made probably a risk
assessment and then they made a
calculation of what the negative aspects
of going against government regulations
terms of like state government would be
I probably can't do this they're saying
it's not worth it imagine being the
president the UFC fuck all that imagine
having all these fights that you have to
make and having all this pressure on you
and you're also like a famous guy like
Dana's imagine being that guy fuck that
job
Dana bleep president the UFC is second
only to president I solitary
fuckin dollars in the bank account
that's nice
but you get used to that you get used to
the hun percent up you do you do he's
compensated well for it he's compensated
well making all the fights he's making
the main fights the main events but the
most important thing is he's like a
psychotic driving force for the most
exciting organization in the world and I
don't think the organisation gets where
it is without data white I think you
have to have a crazy person to the wheel
I think you have to have Bulldog have a
guy fuck he's a real man he doesn't give
a fuck oh shit
you know he'll insult people go back
with you he's nuts
and then Disney went yeah you're wild
boy Disney went very cool your Island
yeah hope you didn't put money down
because we're shutting all that down
they're like what what are we doing here
well this is it
and then they're probably just the only
thing that's up and running like this
this is up and running they're ready to
go right now and I think I wish they
would've let him go cuz everyone have
been just fuckin fine yes
750 million dollars as long as the right
precautions are in place I agree it
would've been fine but the thing is it's
like you got a measure good this if this
was like just in any other disease where
we understood it better I would be way
more confident we understand numbers
though we do but we don't understand
Michael yo okay Michael you almost died
yeah yeah and you know what Michael yos
doing right now he's fine right but he
almost died but he did it but he was in
the hospital for a week yeah but he's
fine okay okay
now he's fine I don't want people who
were less like robust
then Michael yo to die so we got to
figure out like what the fuck this virus
is how does it get treated what's the
most effective way when can we went and
then then then it makes sense that we're
a little bit more loose with our
regulation 100% now when now Michael yo
decent shape he's in decent shape
compared to a UFC fighter he's fucking
Adele you know I'm saying like he's not
in shape compared to Tony fer he works
out a lot he really does again
comparison right yeah he's also not that
old no and he's you know college
football player strong the loose term
yes I understand what you see did he
threw the ball he was involved at the
very least day do you have funny is it
when people get busted with like a fake
story of like some sort of athletic past
oh dude
is the weirdest thing Brian had this
friend I know that's why I brought it up
oh my god he like I fought Chicago in
the beach and I've trained with Cheick
Kongo I know Chet Congo
I asked check comes I'm never fun on the
beach I told Brian it dude I'm telling
you that guy's full of shit Brian I'm
telling we can track all this yeah dude
I had a guy who made me talk to his
friend cuz his friend knocked out Chuck
Liddell and one of the early ufc's and
this guy's insisting that he he knocked
out Chuck Liddell and one of the early
ufc's and he insists that I know and
he's like my friend needs to talk to you
it's like your guy was like oh he was a
bouncer a nightclub and he made me talk
to his friend and I'm like what are you
talking about I go I go he's had one
loss which is Jeremy Horn
he got submitted by Jeremy Horn this is
at the time I'm lucky you didn't knock
him out no one checked I can check right
now mine didn't happen never happen it
didn't happen that wasn't a real thing
the best was Brian was defendants friend
egos Duty wrestling at ASU I go oh well
my coach wrestled at issue he was on how
old is Julius he's like 40-something
oh my coach oh do you be in the same
year nah I'll see him tomorrow let me
ask him he goes there her that guy then
Brian goes dude Brennan's coach was that
ASU when he said you were there he goes
dude I didn't say I was on the team I'd
go in and volunteer what do you want
programs don't let people volunteer to
work out with the with the wrestling
team yeah we got a farmer once you come
in and do backflips
could he be in the gymnastics my man
what does that mean I volunteered who
volunteers finally I get Brian to admit
it bro people are crazy
he'll make stuff up
it's too easy to track these days 8090
to this guy and he had this dude take
him to the woods where he's gonna fuck
he's gonna fight in the kumite fuck yeah
and the guy has a fucking big ol sack
with him like a big old bag that you
would carry with you like a big one like
a 3-foot back solid bag and it goes yeah
he goes I'll be back in two days you
know and hopefully I'll win this thing
and he goes into the woods guy drops him
off and he goes into the woods and so
then comes back his friend comes to get
him they agree upon this time two days
later his friend comes back and he's
holding a trophy he doesn't have the bag
anymore he was in the bag and this guy
this guy came out of the woods holding
this trophy saying that he won s in this
kumite in the guys like that's the same
size as the bounty yeah and you have the
baggie with a fucking do P so this dude
basically just went camping and decided
that would be the thing is gonna tell
everybody find some Yogi's karate
tournament in the forest dude you got
appreciate the hustle it's such a funny
story
what do you guys have to fight in a
karate thing I got these motherfuckers
it got crazy in the first fight but the
next eight fights raw me hey it's for
trophy its
no-rules kumite forest anything you
could do like that in the forest it's
Morris give you an island that's what
I've been cool about this UFC thing if
it really did go to fuck Island not
anymore bro give it a couple of weeks
yeah I'm a they'll be back up and
running well the good news is it's pure
our response to this cuz it happened in
the moment the island might still be in
play because all the other leagues are
still figuring out that like remote
situation to figure out in soccer
baseball basketball so they might well
if you could control an island if it's a
small island if you could control the
whole island test everybody why not how
much money is the UFC and be spending on
these private how much money are they
gonna be making with the reality show
about moving the UFC to the island
because I'm watching that shit fuck
tiger king i watching Dana whites with
his crazy screaming and running around
trying to figure out it we're gonna put
on these fucking fights trying to figure
out how to get a fight to an island and
coming up with an idea of an island in
international waters and who owns the
island that's what that's one episode
him on the phone call which yes mr.
Trump died I understand mr. Trump Disney
calling him up yelling at him he's a
wild man we told you have to throw those
47 fights I think they're kind of relax
a little I think people are gonna
hopefully realize that the worst is
behind us I think maybe I'm a hope and
I'm hoping they just obviously I'm
hoping the current treatment is the one
that works but if that's not the one
that works maybe they find something
just as good I heard zinc people oh that
was the other thing why are people
saying tonic water why are people saying
is one of the weird things about home
remedies and ruthless pandemics but
people were saying quinine in tonic
water and zinc together or a good
combination that someone was saying that
it's somehow or another mimics what that
that malaria truck does
Tana quad was looking up tonic water
wikipedia says tonic water is a
carbonated drink in which quinine is
dissolved originally used as a
prophylactic against malaria tonic water
whoa usually now has a significantly
lower quinine content as consumed for
its distinctive bitter flavor so now
it's just a taste oh okay so originally
see that's what happens home remedies
but but if you can get quinine forget
about tonic water if you get actually
quinine mimics that malarial drug again
this is probably when they first made it
back when coke had Coke in it this is
how those people died drinking pool
cleaner look it's the same way now the
same letters fucking Eddie probably
prescription only it says quinine is a
medication for malaria tree oh I don't
but I don't think you could just get
that look there is a certain amount of
quinine from a natural source and tonic
water look what is the quinine from why
do they have it in there imagine that
was the drink they drank it in places
the mosquitos were bad quinine powder is
so bitter that British officials
stationed in early to censure 19th
century India had to mix it with soda
and sugar so they could drink it well
that's probably how they made that drink
to begin with that's deep
they made it drink with some nasty stuff
that kills malaria do you know that
sickle cell and sickle cell anemia is
closely related to people that have
survived malaria really yeah apparently
it's like the genetic Tiffany Haddish
was actually the first person tell me
this the genetic the reason why sickle
cell came about was because of an
ability to fight off malaria somehow I
know they're connected and that what's
up no but that and then I looked it up
and it's like it's really interesting so
I it occurs in people who are
descendants of people who were in places
where malaria existed so it has
something to do with like this
resistance to malaria
have you had Tiffany on here no
and she was supposed to be on but you
got sick there is also it says at the
bottom of this lover though prescribed
but it says it's often recommended to
relieve leg cramps why leg cramps
yeah leg cramps are no different than
arm cramps are they it says it but the
FDA cautions consumers against using
off-label quinine drugs to treat leg
cramps but making it a certain amount of
it that can be mixed way what kind of a
bitch either you need to take a drug for
a leg cramp that is about have some
water come on drink something with
electrolytes case yourself some liquid
IV maybe this is like supercharged
electrolytes I don't know yeah who knows
man I hope it works if it doesn't work I
hope vitamin C sauna that's what I'm
doing a lot of vitamin C a lot of my
gonna be so bad I bet you do it's three
hours and 27
robberies 27 oh damn look it's 3:30
almost done I think we got a lot
accomplished how about the fact that it
happens why we're on the podcast that
was pretty crazy
wouldn't cover too much of it listen man
I was hesitant my thoughts no you were I
was like hmm I really want to go like it
was leaning towards going that I'm like
I don't want to hear it from people that
don't think it's a good idea I'm not
interested in putting myself at risk but
my real concern was how do I know if I
can tracked it and then I bring it back
how am I gonna know and I had to be
honest with myself and like I really
wouldn't know so the only way I would be
able to do it is to do it and then be in
quarantine until I get tested that ain't
worth it oh my god Jesus Christ why I
want to find out man I want to find out
how many people have it I would I wish
they would do one thing that I wish they
would offer is like a worldwide antibody
test let's find out what the real
numbers are and maybe they're already
doing this now I'm just a moron but a
worldwide there's even more right yeah
what's weird to me is the NBA got tested
so fast that I mean antibodies I want to
find out like how many people went
through it it'd be nice to have
have a test of the people that survived
it like let's test you how many people
survived it amazing they have those
numbers yeah they do be nice to have
that but it be also nice didn't I hate
to say this because I don't want to test
everybody but if we tested everybody
everybody it was real simple we tested
everybody and then we find out again
this is a power thing you don't want
people having the power to fucking just
force you to take a test and that's what
ultimately they would have to do if
we're gonna test everybody you'd have to
make it like the government would have
to make it mandatory but imagine if they
tested everybody like dude we got like
99% people have had it and they didn't
even know and they're fine
we don't know what if like 99% the
planet had and a few of them got it
really bad and people died from other
people just maintained and didn't even
skip a beat
there'd be no quarantine weird you know
like the chicken pox like almost
everybody gets the chicken pox
eventually right sure cuz that sure you
can get it again for the chicken pox I
thought you could only get a one well
then think you have a vaccine for my
chicken pox when a kid gets it don't
want it like there's no like they want
to get their kid near it yeah but that
was before they had vaccines I think see
if I mean I'm really sure they have a
vaccine for the chicken pox and that was
the idea behind it
that's why people would want their kids
we were there about chicken pox on it
yeah when I was a kid I had it but you
can't get it twice you can't get it
twice right once you have it you're good
I have like a little hole in my face my
scab verus yeah I think Jamie you're
talking about back before then they used
to yeah I mean yeah you people would
bring their kids over someone had
chickenpox you bring your kid over
around that kid you know that's the
other thing about diseases it's like
think about the flu how many times have
you had the flu but your friend didn't
and there were you around them how many
times have like someone in your house if
your wife have the flu and you don't
have it or you do and she doesn't get it
like what is the difference between
someone who gets it and someone who
doesn't it's not just contact it's also
like how well your body fights off that
you know your Manges yeah and that's
something I think it's gonna help all of
us to concentrate on now you know I
thought
really really really really hope that
that's what people get out of this this
is the fucking kick in the ass you
needed to get your life in order for
your health
get your fucking immune system in order
get that workout program and bitch do
something do something do something do
something skip rope just skip rope do
you think you're a bad motherfucker
skip some rope for 10 minutes every day
you'd be you you'd be shocked at how
hard it is to skip rope for 10 minutes
it's so good for you so good for you
so simple good for footwork someone was
talking about that at some football
player well I forget what the story was
but he was talking to this other
football players kid or this other guy's
kid who wanted to play football and he's
like do you skip rope he's like no I
just well why don't you skip rope that
was the first thing that he said to him
I was like if I don't I don't know four
receivers and quarterback two or
quarterback uses for football period and
that's great well I think it's great for
like there's a reason why people do it
for striking - there's when you're
forced to bounce up and down on your
ball your feet like that you get a way
better sense of what your body's capable
to move when I was fighting to do rounds
inside the cage I'd do four or five
minute rounds with a minute off of jump
rope and I'd go in the ring and bounce
back and forth dude
jump ropes this shit I love jump rope
they just think about how you're doing
like these little explosions over and
over and over again oh and you've
developed these legs that can explode
all the time for footwork you're always
on yes yes and then you get that on it
that thick dick jump rope that fucking
rattlesnake jump that shit works your
shoulders but it's just such an
underrated exercise there's so many Oh
simple - I know that's one of the cool
things what there's this some positives
to this quarantine for some folks and
one of those is you have the time to
look at stuff more and that's one thing
that maybe was like to sit in there and
people like I never thought about that
for fitness yeah but you're willing to
go to take a SoulCycle class on the
other side of town you were but you
could just watch a YouTube video and
jump rope and get a way harder workout
learn way more colors and it's hard you
want to go anywhere you do watch watch a
movie watch your favorite movie watch
the
Godfather people I should go in my
garage every morning right that peloton
I got a fucking bike now because the
quarantine what are you saying part of
the fun of those classes Joe is not just
being buyers cycling hoes Brett I don't
want you to piss your pants thanks dude
let's wrap this up t fat Cade calm the
fighter and the kid podcast the King and
the sting podcast below the pen by Jesus
Christ food truck Theresa how many
fucking do whoo hustles harder than you
man you do know it correct love you man
I love you too brother it was fun bye
everybody
[Music]